he'll be four in Chicago fucking uncle
we shot up you'll be fine
Oh fools and we're live okay so the last
few weeks we've been getting these
annoying text messages from Ari where
everything's in Spanish everything
everything no what is this how long is
this joke gonna go that's guerrilla and
then he gets here with a backpack on
like where you been I was in Medellin he
was he was doing you were doing a
Spanish immersion thing yeah hundred
percent Spanish I brought back these
Cuban cigars Wow yeah
so then Colombia did you have any
spanish-speaking lessons before you went
to Colombia cero
yeah sounds like zero it does how a lot
of it's pretty close so no I had nothing
cero is zero yeah yo hablo espanol
tambien all right yeah you also do want
a podcast yeah yes this is back party
like when when Tom gets me too in
America is gonna go run what's the
problem this conversation there's a term
lateen X which is not Latino or latina
it's you know it's a gender-neutral way
of saying like yeah yeah cousin in
Spanish you know to sabe leti next he's
like Oh buddy Cole I'm like you know
it's a gender-neutral so you're saying
he was like a faggots what I'm saying my
teacher we were talking about like
parents I'm like that there was like the
word for parents it's just like father's
pretty much yeah so then it's like what
if you have two mothers do you call it
madres as parents instead of like you
know if it's just fathers Padre but just
mother it's Madre but if it's parents is
my Padres great so I'm like do it's just
a gate and they're like she was like no
still podrace and then you know that's
okay these days that's fine though yeah
what country do you think is most in the
dark ages with locusts rut Russia oh
yeah yeah Russia they they make laws
about gas they they did old for the
Olympics
Iran has a corn to their leader zero
percent homosexual population yeah worse
than Russia because Russia has people
that are outside of the control of the
government that are just freely speaking
that are talking about homosexual
problems and like Pussy Riot everyone
pussy why I was given a lot of shit yeah
they're fucking out like that yeah I
gotta think about that no at all you
know like your there's a kind of a
selling like point from them that that
it's they're trying to be progressive
thinkers like some of them will disguise
it as that but they're definitely
they're not fucking around
so from Russia some government agency
made it tweet about freedom of the press
well they say about respecting
respecting the press and we're spending
appreciating the press and someone some
Journal said this is a country that has
literally like this administration has
literally been responsible for the
murders of dozens of people that are
that are journalists yeah
like when people would report on them or
people with running running against
certain members of the government yes
welcome Jerry day like even more
disappearances which is slang for
murders yeah you know that person is
just gone we haven't seen we're just
displaying it so I don't know I can't
wait to go back and see how much it's
changed like you're going back yeah
doing a tour there Oh kidnap you for
sure kids like we want to go to I was
like long backs but yeah but and ask
some questions that I asked when I was
in college like I remember asking them
about black people and they were like oh
no no no they don't
that way they can't be here Roy Jones
jr. is a Russian citizen well
no no like a legit Russian citizen this
was 1995 really yes Roy Jones jr. has
been going on with Russia for a long
time he's a giant star over there they
love him there were fights here Oh
totally serious
I'm thinking of Roy woods Roy Jones jr.
with Putin
it looks like Putin's shaking his hand
too hard he's trying to get it away mmm
maybe perhaps I don't think so but he's
over there all the time he's got a
fucking Russian passport shit I'd like
that
listen dude they threw that triple a
poon Ana at him yeah triple a Russian
Poona no that's that smiling I'm smiling
yeah yeah he knows he's fought over
there a bunch of times too far over
there fairly recently how long did it be
there for bright no I just like bite two
weeks maybe I don't know I haven't it's
yeah he's new shows yeah mmm excited
shows there who did Andrew Schultz yeah
yeah yeah he put it on put some of it on
my nose um I bet Gaffigan has to he's
done shows fucking everywhere every
wasn't it nobody plays more places than
Jim game yeah he just announced he's
doing a Latin American tour it was shit
in English yeah of course he goes
everywhere everywhere Wow dude what's it
what's guy that ran 25 marathons in 25
days Eddie Izzard did shows in German
and doesn't speak German
it doesn't he just memorized the
language he just memorized how the words
would go whoa
is that enough I've been trying to tell
the machine in Spanish and I know
Spanish but it's fucking still hard as
fuck Eddie Izzard is a savage you want
to know what it takes to run 26
marathons in a row and you don't even
run day after day day after day was I
mean there's videos of it where they
show his feet he takes his socks off
that literally the skin is falling off
the meat I mean his skin is raw and open
they're taping it up and bandaging shit
and I mean can't even stand anything and
he's running 26 miles every fucking day
just front yeah yeah he's not well
really interesting guy yeah I had him in
on the podcast he's in full woman's
regalia but he says about I fancy though
ladies you know he fancies girls he just
likes dressing like a woman but he's a
man yeah any transgender for a while -
he dressed like that he stopped trusting
fuck he wants man yeah I love that guy I
really like him too like I really like
talking to him he's interesting he's a
brilliant a really smart dude yeah but
but also like the kind of will that you
have to have yeah that's what stands out
do that animal but he did and he also
was a charity right yeah he did diamond
he did one in South Africa it was an
area where he was good he wanted to run
there like listen to me if you run
through the other gonna kill you like
you can't run through that we're gonna
pick you up in a car we're gonna take
you past that and then we're gonna when
they want to follow you in cars we can't
even be with you in a car while you're
running or they'll kill you
what in South Africa bro this part the
South Africa rough apparently like
carjacking down there it's just out of
fucking control bro we were in South
Africa yes we spent the night in the
shantytown and I went in and I brought
soccer balls I bought like 40 soccer
balls for all the kids right so we're
gonna play soccer with them so I bought
a big truck full of soccer balls it's
not a Travel Channel I roll in with like
40 fucking soccer balls and their coach
who loses his fucking mind just shy of
hitting me with a machete he's like what
the fuck are you doing
you're gonna give every kid this in here
a soccer ball he's all get fucking
murdered on the way home could someone
with other soccer ball and I was like
sorry so that we spent the night right
murdered for a soccer ball dude it's a
shanty time soccer balls got value there
especially think of all the mean we
spend the night I could be party that
night some one of it was like one of
these women just weird
everyone's dark dark dark oh fucking
bad-ass area no I was on those pills I
was dreaming crazy we woke up the next
day right I'm outside having coffee at
my little Santa thing guy comes
sprinting down the street and a mob is
chasing him and I'm like what the
and our handlers like oh yeah and I go
what he goes I heard about he stole a
pillow and I was like he stole a pillow
and I gave low depilatory they'll get
him they're gonna necklace him I go what
he goes I just this year they put a tire
around his neck and light him on fire I
go for a fucking pillow I was like all
right wrap it we're done I'm getting the
fuck out of here I'm not spending I'm
gonna spend another second why would you
risk that for a pillow just it's already
like a great pillow though Arif memory
yeah we don't have too much yeah Brazil
Brazil is sketchy we went into the
favelas and Brazil and got lost at
sunset the Travel Channel I just easily
the fly to die it was we took
motorcycles up
we took motorcycles up and then we gave
our we weren't taking them back down so
we gave up guys all motorcycles our
helmets and they were fucking through
the roof as soon as we have our helmet
helmets you can see their attitude
change and they were like don't stay up
here and we're like what no like don't
no matter what they say don't stay up
here we're gonna spend the night oh yeah
Bella yeah they've a great they have a
great there's one final our luxury hotel
no they were great hotel in a favela
that like man someone would know if you
had done this traveling you'd remember
more I don't remember a shit about
Travel Channel because we were doing so
much different shit and you were drunk
yeah well I was hammered in this favela
it was fucking awesome dude we went in
just not supposed to go there no we went
in and we got lost and we found this
soccer game with these kids and it was
like the building's started like this is
with a camera crew no we didn't have a
camera crew so we got lost me and the
two travellers got lost oh Jesus he
brought guests yeah and we they're like
we're gonna be fine we're on TV
we're fine from Denver on TV yeah and
then the fam camera crew found us and
they filmed us playing soccer with the
kids and then they're like hey we gotta
get the fuck out then I was like no
let's go back to the hotel we're back to
hotel best view of best view of
Brazilian mountain right it's the best
view of Brazil about the favelas there
it's like the Hollywood Hills they're
above looking down yeah at this
beautiful village we went with for Rio
over the UFC mm-hmm and they were like
do not go there do not go there yeah do
not yeah
and then we didn't and then John Jones
was up there the whole weekend is before
he's a champ I know he was a champ he
was already the champ yeah we just hang
in there fuck man I guess he thought he
could beat him in a one-on-one did you
stay up are you saying like a nice place
and yeah with a balcony or medgie yeah
no I stay home stay with the family Oh
Sabrina so how good is your Spanish now
is it possible can you go somewhere and
talk to people so I could order food I
could like ask where the bus is and I
could let you continue this education
yeah is it yeah that's my egg we went to
the cathedral there is some reason for
you detect because like we were all
reading you
stroke is I don't like it yeah it was in
an immersion idea to try to speak no
English as much as I could that's
interesting man it's fun doing that kind
of it yeah it was really a good way to
do it man yeah and it was like I was
always off balance they were like
speaking about grammatical shit that's
like and I was like and first of all I
ain't been in school for 25 years yeah
so even just that alone was was
difficult we tell us about this family
that was blessed enough mo e Audrianna
uh and their sobrino um those onions do
those I mean yes
yeah the first day I got there we just
sat there and like stared at each other
I had nothing so why did they let you in
the homestay yeah
it's they make money through the school
the school finds home stays for people
that are they just do a background check
in you or no no no you can find cocaine
was like I guess I should be was like
9:00 a.m. between a time for drugs
that's how other part can you see did
you visit some Escobar shit yeah the
Cathedral look at the job big hike that
starts where his prison was and it's an
old-age home there now and they have
signs up there and was like this is
nothing to do with him you shouldn't be
visiting here anyway he was a garbage
man who fucking killed a bunch of people
and he goes on you're awful tourists you
leave trash everywhere there's like
signs made for that this culture and
you're in your country where you leave
trash goes must have changed everything
for them right it became glamorous
almost like Tony Montana yeah yeah that
guy who played it was that guy's name
who played Escobar in narc and narcos
he's an Italian actor yes I got mad that
he wasn't he yeah great fine Colombian
speak Spanish when he took that role Oh
Portuguese Portuguese so close though
yeah
I mean like alien friends who could
speak a little bit of peakins BAM you
can pick up on say thanks but I feel
like Italian is closer to Spanish
definitely closer than Portuguese is it
cuz I took both your house I don't think
Latin language it isn't real yeah but
sure it's definitely like if someone
gets like going in Portuguese oh yes man
you don't have they done notes they have
the fucking thing Portuguese is
beautiful they have a such a song to it
so I guess things I always listen to
guys talk Wow Laura yeah sounds
Portuguese yeah dude the guy who sees
one you hear him speak you note that he
definitely has an accent Oh a heavy non
Spanish accent season two he definitely
got better like you could tell he's been
speaking for a while did you hear the
location scout for narcos I got killed
by the wasn't that for the third season
may be heard in Mexico he's right the
Mexican one over the next ones are not
going around that plane they're like
what you guys think Russians do shit
they just the Mormons yeah yeah yeah
well there's a Mormon cup there's a
couple of Mormon colonies that left
America in the 1800s when they made
polygamy illegal and including by the
way homeboy from fucking Massachusetts
the guy running for president what the
fuck's his name I do it's on the tip of
my tongue was a brilliant guy but could
never be president because he was born
in Mexico Mitt Romney's family's from
Mexico because they're part of the
original clan that left the clan of
Mormons that wanted a fuck eighty wives
and so they moved across the border and
they developed these colonies and so
they they they literally have armed
guards to stop them from the cartel
plays the in the cartel just
assassinated these women and children
fuck man nine people just gunned him
down yeah the guy Popeye from that show
one of the worse
he's still out and does tours
of the Cathedral all those places and he
will put a gun to your head a loaded gun
first let you take a picture oh he
killed Jesus so many people oh my so
many people died in a gun selfie with
that guy oh he's a celebrity that I when
I was in Australia I was fucking wasted
and I came out of some bar I was with my
my tour manager really up bodies at
Hells Angel guy I'm fucking stumbling
out of a bar and this guy comes up with
a gun and he goes hey Burt can you take
a picture holding a gun to my head and I
was like yeah I just took a picture with
holding a gun to his head my 20 minutes
like what the fuck are you doing I was
like oh there will be a picture would be
holding a gun to someone's head he's
like don't worry he's not loaded no
because your fucking head maybe like I
didn't care so fuckin Christ they
actually made a whole series about Popo
on you can see on Netflix just about
that guy yeah but it's a dramatization
it's a that's the guy that's the real
guy yeah that's the real guy on one of
the pieces of glass who signed Popeye
and like the dust so he was he was
Escobar's right-hand man he says he's
got one point one eight million
subscribers yeah oh my god right now
he's back he got arrested in May I don't
know summit but he was he's been out for
a while he served like 15 20 years in
Colombian prison which is like fuckin
prison with Escobar well that's the
thing that that was a different thing he
did that too he was he was in the
cathedral that Cathedral great view yeah
it's it's awesome you see the jail dude
he would bring a helicopter pad he would
bring in the Colombian national soccer
team and be like play with me today and
they're like okay because if we don't
like that's a problem yeah like so the
national team would just play be like be
like I want the Lakers here now and
they're like they're here
see what happened with the cartel in
Mexico where they had El Chapo's son
they had him arrested and then the
fucking cartel got in a shootout with
Mexico that was this year yeah yeah and
they released him yeah yeah yeah at some
point you gotta be like this isn't worth
it yeah well what was really crazy you
know I've got this guy Edie Calderon has
been on my podcast before he's coming on
again he's he's one of the guys that
works with the Mexican military to deal
with situations that are caused by the
cartel yeah and he said that there was a
situation with Trump because Trump was
saying that they were gonna treat the
Mexican cartel like a terrorist
organization and they were gonna
literally because those Mormons got
killed yeah and they were gonna start
like literally a military operation to
go after the cartel so this is at least
on the Tagus on the table at least on
the table and they were talked out of it
by the Mexican government
I wonder what what type of firepower
they actually have they must have tanks
that's I'm saying like like people think
yeah people think like well they
definitely have some big guns and I bet
they have shit that you billion it's
like yes billions billions hundreds of
billions of dollars yeah who knows how
much money them yeah I mean imagine if
you're like the the middleman between
the cartel and you know whatever Saudi
arms dealer and you just like we can't
sell you stuff and they're like here's
fucking 16 billion dollars how crazy is
Sean Penn I was just thinking that Han
went down there to write an article for
Rolling Stones what went and met with El
Chapo and he's one of the reasons why
I'll chop I got caught man the reason
they'll chop ago oh yeah bro wouldn't be
the reason he got caught because they
followed him as he went with the actress
El Chapo loved this Mexican actress and
he was like I want to meet her so gonna
be panning around with El Chapo I want
that shit so bad I wouldn't love to meet
like Kim jong-un oh sure you could
totally pool see when
Conor McGregor bought that same shirt
was taking pictures he will have this
one with that same pose really Conor was
doing the same pose like
I'm not telling anyone and so everybody
had to figure out what the fuck Connor
was doing that no one gets but you it
wasn't explaining it at all it's just
the handshake thing I mean Connor is
normally like you know putting his fist
in people's faces and talking shit and
then that one he's got his hand out he's
gonna shake hands the same thing he's
holding his hand out and doscientos
doesn't even thinking about shaking his
hand he's not even looking to get his
hands why Dana White's go what I'm gonna
make so much money didn't kind of go
beggars if I'd already sell out oh yeah
sold out ten million dollars at the gate
yes yes yes January 18th huzzah I'm free
okay you know what cancel Australia
before you wet finally yeah oh I lost
rally you should only cancel Australia
you should never do and every two years
planet or then cancel it I guess
somebody mess
I need your shows in Australia I leave
here the 14th once you move them yeah we
have agents right listen it's another
country they're not even noticed that's
true I was right no all right buddy boy
world tour picks up January 30th
everybody flat material or what is Berti
Vogt's when my kids call me oh that's my
kids my wife everyone call me birdy
birdy boy yeah just put tickets at his
shows everyone go to Bert Bert Bert calm
look at that there's a plug we even see
it coming
Tom was better with his plug about
Australia good job buddy still got sold
tickets on it's been sold out for a
while
how did you respond when you saw
yourself get stabbed I was a little I
was a little confused and then I was
like I was very aggressive I didn't
understand the carrot either what was up
with the carrot
it's from Steven Seagal that's who I was
dressed and the president of Belarus
gave him I care is like the counter
thing the president of Belarus gave him
a carrot one time and then Seagal just
ate it it's just weird
so and the house is fucking jet-black
hair her hair is so ridiculous like 62
we were in the whoops and we said one
day Tom your numbers were through the
roof
news like I got lost in the canyons and
you were filming there's only was
filming and he was dancing ok it was my
night what's it called on whoopity
exertion the activity level right 19.8
that day yeah you know like it was fifty
eight hundred calories burned it was
fucking it was killer would you remember
that one day where I burned six thousand
calories you like what the fuck hunting
oh yeah go up the mountains it's just
Halim out here and ten hours a day
that's how you guys gonna strap the year
before yeah all day long wow I got you
because I'm a psycho yeah really I was
gonna get you no matter what oh yeah I
told you guys you gotta be ready to die
but that's why we wanted you in the
dance video we want to see what you
would do
let's now Jojo no time right now I know
you will you will break the two of us in
half crying laughing if just one day on
your own you film some dance video
that's better than ours you realize oh
that's good keep going like that and
this surprises surprises q hi laughs
sorry I actually talked about our II had
a great idea about doing one yeah I
already had a great idea of us
recreating the scene from dirty dancing
I don't know beeper beep that's it
that's exactly what we're talking about
yeah just guys just take a weekend it
all takes a weekend well I would have to
catch him he's not gonna catch
shit we like a buck 70 at least right
yeah Ron 75 so a Bach 70 like that
that's a lot of weight man you got to be
prepared I would have to train for that
you have to train for it I'd have to do
a lot of heavy kettlebells you know cuz
that's dead weight here it is this is
just what is all seen you know sorry and
sent okay this is awkward yeah this is
gonna be a problem no matter what
because you've gotta wear that dress
you've gotta wear that dress obvious I
already have the dress no no in the nose
he kissed me though the problem is we
got that close our would sneak in a kiss
you definitely would you guys got to do
nope not doing it dude I learned how to
dance for that fucking zookeeper movie
it was a long two weeks of learning and
I got to dance with Leslie Bibb who's
hot and cool I'm hot I'm cool you're
cool all right please give it cool
I wish Jennifer Grey didn't get her nose
fixed yeah yeah her and Renee Zellweger
Renee Zellweger did some weird stuff
right like she's a different human shit
I don't know I don't know you know who
else no she was great in that fucking
movie about Judy Garland all right she
was great you see meg Ryan like she not
she went away like there yeah so you saw
I didn't she look totally different once
you do the little just looks so dead
she's starting recognizable as herself
yeah let's see your lips it's like
that's your the Fibonacci sequence is
all off yeah you're you look at
someone's little there with their lips
are off you like hey like I didn't know
Eliza
had a nose job she was explaining to me
as she had a nose job but I go ah well
this fucking good one so I paid a lot of
money for it yeah Wow yes see this is
what happens when women get the facelift
their mouth gets too big it's like why
is yeah because you're pulling your
mouth on the sides so the hole is large
right then your mouth right so you have
this is so hot in the Presidio was that
like that right there
hmm it's rough being a lady man you know
because yeah when you're a guy and you
get older you just a guy who's older
when you're a woman you're
your all your power is gone right all
the doors are open for you because
you're attractive you're beautiful yeah
you know and in our plastic surgery
works are the guys that have pillow
doesn't know hold on bullshit
the guys who have hair transplants today
fucking tell ya but depends on your hair
right I have thin hair it's fine my hair
is fine so when I got a hair transplant
even when I had it it was still ratty
and it kept falling out at a certain
point I'm how to make a decision that
bill burbot or he's like didn't get it
today not not 20 years ago and he got
ants like stable to your forehead before
that I mean after that I didn't know you
guys had them done before nobody asked
them it's a public service announcement
for anybody thinking about getting a
hair transplant
go ahead don't like your head don't do
that Tom's thinking about it mmm he's
beautiful he doesn't need that he wants
to he wants me to give him my hair yes
fall here cuz he's like you got so much
hair Bert you just did your hair is so
thick my ball hair goes all the way up
to my bellybutton if I just took my hair
and put it on my hand let me do it your
boss doing reach to your belly but I do
but I don't shave I'm a gorilla my back
is hairy everything's hairy as I get
older I'm hairier my ears or hairy now
this is like I'm like the fuck is going
on with turn into an 8 sorry describes
I'm like goddamn something air and then
it's a hair yes the hair like tickling
your eyes you get old you become more of
a gorilla my ass hairs like like a
bridge I have to take my finger and
swipe it out I've done definitely three
times only three times my shirt for sure
he says he doesn't smell his bad parts
what do you mean did he inside the belly
button I smell everything okay oh you
fucking liar yeah I always just try to
make you look worse I shaved my asshole
three times in my life and every time I
amazed it with my fart sound like oh
that is the most insightful crazy I got
for Brazil one time well
and for a TV show your farts awesome
like whose fart about wiping it big oh
yeah you're like oh dude I try to hold
my shit until I get this to the studio
because of these goddamn bidets
yeah those the toilet seats with the
laser but oh my god it's amazing it's
amazing
warm water squirting up your butthole
you mean you gotta know I'm slipping
I've you ordered it to I have it I just
have a stall yeah I'm just I've used
jurors yeah yeah someone have it at home
and then I'm home for like 10 days and
then you go on the road you're like a
monster fucking mom smear and shit
you're not even cleaning and no the when
I got my Brazilian wax
I remember the first time I thought it
was like my asses were class you for
clapping yeah you the first person ever
say because no one's ever can relate to
that and I've always said man my farts
were so fucking loud that's cuz your
other friends or grown-ups lost species
hey do you let the water on the bidet go
into your asshole sometimes I have to
shit and then it goes out you didn't
like almost like flush it out if I have
a shit that's kind of halfway stuck I'm
gonna take a shit and then I said I
cleaning I'm like I think there's more
up there and so I'll just really
concentrate that jet right in my
butthole right yikes it's like there was
a castaway there's like some hidden shit
that was trying to hang out in there yep
and then it just makes I love that it
breaks the o-ring yeah take a like I
think a sloppy shit you're like oh and
then you let it run a full cycle sign
then you wipe and there's something
still there when I wipe sometimes I pipe
it with hair and this the width of the
smear is so disgusting there's a shower
oh yeah well straight to shower shit
showers of you should shower go with
know wiping know what you're fine
because it's too much I don't want shit
in the floor and
you're not cleaning it good though you
know what on the floor yeah shit
bacteria on your floors
tell me story once about how he had to
take a shit so he took a shit in the in
the bathtub and then he had to smoosh it
with his foot to get it go down the
drain and all wouldn't go down it
doesn't apply the toilet he used to
leave logs in detention
come look at this and he used to in
there no no his when he was really big
it could be pushed him from front all
the way back there
so his yeah it's would leave they would
lit they would land on the beach in
front of the water they didn't land on
the water so they never really flushed
palm I guess so you just see them he
send me photos taxis texting like a
fucking ninth grader yeah yeah pictures
everything dude my shits in Columbia
from all the just the greasy oily bond
way lows and teacher on it was the
consist for so many times a day and it
was this consistent just probably helps
myself sir like it was like if you fed a
puppy too many treats bro am I put when
Marcia was a puppy
the one thing that happens to some dogs
is when they're babies that try to eat
their shit and so he was shitting and
trying to eat it at the same time so
he'd spin around a circle and try to
bite it as it was coming out of the hole
while he was trying to eat it right out
yeah right out of his ass
that Joey told me one time that he was
about shitting in the shower he's like
yeah it's great I did all the time I was
like fucking shit in the shower he's
like yeah cuz the man amazing if it's
like a log I just shit and then I just
toss it to the toilet
he said those practices he ever doing
that piece of paper you go yeah can you
miss of missing that he said that I go
use did you stop that's so fucking
revolting did you say he goes I had to
my wife saw me do it one time I'm living
in the bathtub
I farted once in the bin this in the
shower and I shit all over the place I
was in that shower for like a half an
hour and then I squirt shampoo left and
then I came back in just to get a fresh
smell of it yeah cuz you know you don't
you know all factory senses are weird
because they don't detect smell they
detect changes in smell that's right
that's why people in Pennsylvania who
lived near those cattle ranches it'll
smell it they don't smell shit anymore
right see you got like my parents used
to live in wilkes-barre Pennsylvania
nice to go to dry drive to visit them
from the city oh my god is a stretch
that you drive it's all just cattle
ranch is just horrible fucking smell
I'll be there on the pretty boy tour it
smells like what to be happy there it
smells like death and shit because two
things that are happening there
slaughterhouses and fucking and and cow
shit
yeah so you just get this look that
methane stuff that they talk about like
being a contributor to greenhouse gases
that's fucking legit 100% and apparently
you can they can do something about that
if they just add a certain amount of sea
weed to a cow's diet this is my mind so
smell is it's the change in smell that
you notice it's not the smell right
that's why people stink don't notice
these things that's also why when you
smoke a joint you don't notice it but
everybody else around you they come oh
my god you guys are high as fuck they go
room why smell weed what any people can
live at any of you
homes no peace bronze curry it's not bad
food tonight I love Indian food first
time I ever had I never had Indian food
when I was in Russia we got lap dances
from these strippers and they had all
eaten Indian food I'd never I'd never
smell curry before so I'd only grow up
in Florida we didn't have an Indian
restaurants and I lived in Tallahassee
and had the smell was so disgusting I
was like these are the most disgusting
smelling women I've ever been with
cut to like probably 15 years later I'm
having dinner with my wife first time I
ever had Indian food and they bring it
out while we walk in the restaurant and
I go blows my mind it's just the change
in smell but you know when you fart yeah
right senses are designed to detect
changes you're not your body your brain
sends a signal to you that to be ready
moment and that's why it doesn't affect
you as much as someone else's know you
something about your right this fucking
is blowing my mind right yeah
that's why people that smell don't know
they smell well there's also a thing
about your farts that smell good to you
because if there's something in your
body it's like there's something in your
brain triggers like that you're having a
relief it's like there's a buildup and
then you smell the smells like ah
because it signifies the relief that you
know that feeling means a fart so when
you're in your car
and you fart and then you start wafting
the smell up to you like oh not bad in a
pillow and take it to the face you never
fart in your bed and your wife is in the
bathroom you're like oh my god I got a
pillow out hey do me a favor that person
check out
I know what I do is I do more theatrical
stuff do things like I'll do like leg
kicks as I fart or I'll pull my leg back
like I'm changed my diaper composition
she doesn't like it at all she doesn't
like it at all my mom today farted for
like like your mom did when you caught
her in the kitchen the yams look to you
look you need to take her to a doctor
oh I'm telling you today today she broke
it easily and I go watch you fucking
tell me so I can record it
she was give me 150 thousand dollars
let's see this let's see this oh yeah
Go Go good for the beginning hold a hope
before you play were you just randomly
filming her you want honey was coming
were you no no here's what's happened I
I said something about I go yeah you
think you have one and she didn't she
thought we were just like bantering you
think you have one fart yeah yeah and I
and like as I saw her just turn and I go
oh I think she might and you know the
beauty of these things I was like pull
it out and I just hit the camera from
the lock screen and then she didn't know
let me hear this
this is the look on her face when she
turns around she sees that camera player
she's smiling right there
she's smiling anymore oh and I made
merch don't say oh my god she's the
Argentinian she's Peruvian that's Alaric
that's what I ever did is when the girls
were little like babies I farted in a
McDonald's cup and I put my hand over it
and I went I goo be dukes grand poisoner
babies I go girls I just caught a
butterfly and they're like what you did
to me once at the Irvine improv Oh
capture a Fartman cup oh he let out like
a like you know it's like you know what
it's like hot death like when you don't
feel warm it's warm and then you're like
just all so rotten this is like a rotten
one right I was across like the lobby
from him in the club he like like he's
signaled like I gotta tell you something
like a what and I ran up and like it
just hit me like a fuck like a brick to
the face like it was dude I have I have
sometimes with my stomach I told this to
Tom a long time on her part to go on her
podcast I took a shit in Japan once that
was so bad the guy in the stall next to
me through us we were in Japan I thought
he was talking to me
that's happened twice it happened once
in Denver oh I made people throw
something so strange about public
toilets we're shitting inches away from
some other person shitting especially
airports
it's so weird ports international shits
yeah you know it's like thirty of you
just sitting there you all came from
different countries different here yeah
strange about those hookup spots for
some creepy gay dudes yeah they would
find this but like like yeah they meet
in toilets in like remember there was
that one was it a Senator pickup but it
was in Minnesota in Minnesota he was a
senator from Ida and he goes no I was
just I was just topping to see who's
there yeah he's the creepiest guy Craig
I think was his last name he's the one
who said on when Clinton wasn't trouble
he was like Clinton has been a very
naughty boy dare I say a nasty boy
somebody who says it like that you know
that there a selection dare I say round
before the Internet
yeah this is he probably had like there
he is Larry wide stance arrest turns 10
wide stance oh my god here's a wide
stance to go to the bathroom so he was
putting his feet I overreacted it made a
poor decision Craig said of his guilty
plea let me be clear I'm not gay
why guilty then with again it's just
easier re there's a lot easier than the
paperwork he argued that the arresting
officer misconstrued his actions what
are the odds though you try to get an
officer to suck your dick but here's the
thing no like what if a officer is like
one of those cops it sets up speed traps
like what you know what if yes what if
you were not gay and he's just like yeah
I need to make a caller I'm here looking
for four guys to suck my dick and
there's nothing yeah I haven't had a
single bite holler
odd right efficient you got a fucking
stick of dynamite I'm just a chuck this
in the water see what happen on a Senate
er yeah if you're if you really I mean
it's if you really didn't do this oh
yeah definitely or no divider hand
motions
yeah and played footsie an attempt to
arrange a sexual encounter but here's
the thing I'll prove that prove that for
what prove prove that he's trying to
arrange a sexual encounter maybe just
needed toilet paper but they didn't he
just pled guilty because he panicked did
you hear about the guy recently they got
busted he was a pastor and he got busted
trying to pay for gay sex with an Arby's
card an Arby's card an Arby's card he
pulled the wrong card to an arc to or to
an undercover officer who's gonna pay
credit yeah he try he was like on a
sugar daddy site and he's like I've had
a lot of sugar daddies uh my sharp sugar
babies this guy Missouri church leader
huh trying to pay for this is with an
Arby's card he's driving pay yeah I
guess so listen del prostitution
prostitutions in the gay community is a
different animal I think it's much more
acceptable don't even Italy yeah I mean
they don't go fuck yeah it's more it's
more rugby rules as opposed to American
football rules also like isn't it the
need for the prostitution so much less
right like I feel like because old guys
they want to fuck young guys and these
young guys don't wanna fuck them but
these young guys don't have a car yeah I
know what's up yeah yeah I know how to
make something that Patrice O'Neal story
where he said he pulled over a rest stop
to get some sleep
and uh somebody knocked on his window a
recipe was like way off like away from
like the where the store was and he's
like what and the guy was like hi and he
was like what and the guys like oh my
bad because you're bad what what are you
doing here I got turned and ran away
oh great the gay guys before they had
these apps and ways to meet up and
wallet
yeah Craigslist they used to have to
have like little secret spots well yeah
stops were always the secret spot that
was uh what was the singer George
Michael thing right it was like a party
in Beverly Hills right yeah but you know
you know that shit had to be bumping in
his fucking 80s going to that Park I'm
sure every gay dude in the city was like
I'll see you in BH man you know remember
with the guy from school shopping
outdoors man how come your day that be
if the day after you found out about
that Park you like movie that Park
restroom wasn't a restaurant the
infamous
George Michael bathroom I guess the
hell's yeah but is the bathroom at a
park man it's gotta be fucking rough to
be gay and just try to meet guys are you
see easy well remember the rule was like
if you had like a certain color
handkerchief that meant what you were
into oh yeah and you would have it out
of your back pocket there's a day at
Florida State if you were blue jeans
just look blue just blue jeans if
connected come now Florida people just
trying to fuck dudes they should have
some more specific than that yeah that's
a mistake waiter huh what if you don't
get online we all know shirt day and you
your fucking shorts are dirty so I'll
just put my blue jeans on today you know
some guys are trying to fuck you hey man
you know sorry I did everything else
aware it is great Cristina went to
University of San Francisco she said in
the 90s though I think it was it's the
Folsom Street Fair something she was
like guys would fist in the streets guys
but fuckin just up on the walls
fuck the first day in New York I went
out with the editor of Us Magazine and
he took me to a gay bar in the
Meatpacking District and I saw a dude
can't be alive anymore yes stars
tattooed on his butt cheeks down to his
heel like he was a big Cowboys fan but
and I saw him get fucked in the ass and
I was I was fresh out of Florida State
this wet on the street you know no in a
bar it was in a bar he got fucked in the
ass in a bar a bar just on this dudes
lap it
I was like whoa dude I was like this I
remember there's some some gay guys that
miss those days
oh yes yes that are like this was that
was when we were fucking out oh poor
create wrong Jeff Scott the piano player
at the Comedy Store talk about pre-aids
what was that I got a theater troupe
before a then he was like it was our
fuck fast I bet a lot of guys got into
musicals that didn't even like music
where's the spot where do we go guys
wear Cologne that actually like Cologne
zero
I think it might in some way up their
chance of getting laid yeah my rationale
has always been any girl that will only
fuck you because you weren't Cologne
don't fuck that girl right that's a mess
yeah you're making a mistake you can you
know the things about clothes you
speaking of like change in your in your
mouth I feel like I can go like a long
stretch now without like picking up on
coke alone like you I I'll I'll feel
like I don't run in then you and then
I'll sudden some fucking uber drivers or
you get on an elevator and you're like
dude where are you from do that you
don't work alone that's a business I
would not invest in this Bert Kreischer
philosopher so Bob I don't like to face
it fucking creeps me out
what yeah so no way yeah what are you
talking about yeah I liked it well I'd
like to
I'm hacking I don't have real teeth so
it doesn't matter no I mean your mouth
like you have a real tongue right well
you're so ants over the no real you're
my 11th birthday we just talked about
this the other day here who hate you
my dad he was look it was no I'm joking
it was a kid no game it was kidding
no he was sick of you talking I'm like
that that's where it started I was a
catcher and the I was a pass ball I
blocked it I picked it up through my
helmet off threw it down the third and
the kid tried to bring us a play and
brought the bat back hit me in the mouth
knocked out knocked out fucked up 26 my
teeth wait actually forgot to ask you
this what went in that part of this in
the story yeah my eleventh blue tie
you're you're you're playing catcher mhm
you throw the ball to make the play at
what third kid was stealing a second to
go to third but so the batter has
already swung he already swung okay and
now he brings the bat back into my mouth
oh like he just brought it back into my
mouth she's on the spies like other so
maybe I'll pretend it's my fault motion
yeah yeah and brought it back to him on
purpose you know man I I don't I never
talked to the kid at all my teeth were
on home plate yeah you want to get real
about this this is you want talking
about parenting my dad came out he's
like buddy it's gonna be okay
your mom's here beat a birthday party
party plan for me as my birthday my
Danny came out and in his hand he had my
fielder's glove and I went I was like
trying to go take off the gear Drew's
gonna catch go over to shortstop and I
was like I don't have any teeth here's
again but if I take you out now we lose
the game cuz I can't stop before the
fifth inning so go over finish the game
and I go I don't need TV told you man
this is my my dad's a good dad he's not
a bad guy but he was like hey don't
fucking cry go out finish shinning it's
one out it's one out and then we'll take
you to the hospital so I wonder if
shortstop I don't know stuff like that I
think turns you stuff like that teaches
you it either breaks you or fucks you up
as a guy or it makes you stronger as a
guy what do you think it did you I don't
know man I got a lot of those moments
with my dad where it's like be a fucking
man and I'm glad he did it because
things like I will just oh man I
remember being it that's not like a suck
it up moment that's like that no no it's
over the game is over take your mouse
over yeah and a broken jaw everybody go
home teeth get knocked out it's very
likely there's some fractures in your
jaw and they could get infected like you
should it's like a rush to get to the
hospital as quick as possible you know
your dad was having like some sort of
PTSD I'm not in a world title fight a
shortstop going this doesn't seem fair
this isn't that my dad's like ever take
you out now in this game I mean I don't
want to Jake he was like he was like
I'll give you some Cheetos yeah I'm used
to seeing people get fucked up and I
think I'd have a real problem with that
I feel like I would I think it's a
different era there's a divider I would
I would panic I brought it up to my dad
before yeah weirdest man he just you
know he laughs it off and he goes you
weren't that bad
who can i sir question shufoo in the
game I have no idea I wasn't there I
went to the doctor doctor Boza
spent the rest of the day in the get my
teeth fixed how long did it take before
they fix your teeth Oh fucking 20 years
it took it took forever it was a fir it
was a long period ninth grade in college
everything was fixed and I was 11 in
ninth grade I had like ninth grade I had
a smile I was comfortable with but yeah
I just have fucked up teeth so it took
like three years for you had a smile
you're comfortable with yeah
so what was it before then just I was
like it was like spotty caps like
cosmetic dental done I was terrible back
that's terrible so it was like I want to
say like this is horrible I don't feel
like it was plastic caps it wasn't like
they stained really easy and so and I
had like two and then these were broken
and then then at one point I just had
four teeth that looked okay and see in
its I mean they're people listening
right now that are going through this
but you just cover your smile at times
and you don't enjoy life as much time
with your mouth closed you smile with
your mouth closed that's funny it's
really funny to think of you like that
I know right that's why I am Who I am is
when I got teeth I was like he
oh yeah and I was I was laughing I must
look perfect now thank you so much do
they get stained by coffee very badly we
were talking about this the other day
fuckface over here besides there's no
game you wants to play a shame my mouth
[Music]
no Eman is fucking evil Nazi wife come
up with these fucking game plans of ways
to just get the focus away from my
talent as a comedian and find something
else to fucking focus on I was gonna get
my teeth oh I was gonna get my teeth all
redone and right with this this month
and then I thought I don't like those
dudes of celebrities with like bright
white smiles that you go
you just got your teeth done you look
fucking different they can make them not
like that by the way they can like when
you get your teeth if you get veneers
now they do shades I want regular
Manatee you know I see a man he's got
like regular teeth yeah like you have
regular fucking tear crooked teeth look
normal yeah I have no problem with my
teeth whatsoever I'm fine I wouldn't
mind a couple of them getting them
shaded out to the to match everything
else but I got one oh yeah yeah it's a
dead tooth and then is that one too this
kind of grain I love somebody well I
know somebody with that head to think
we're weird like a prominent dead tooth
and you just want to be like why do you
have a car you should fix this first
yeah yeah the dead teeth are weird right
it's like there's something about it
signals to you there's something wrong
with that person you see a person with a
missing tooth like who what what
decision do you make well I know that
like a lot of people would yeah I mean
it's the thing is that it's like the one
of the first things you notice you know
you know somebody if they have a wonky
eye yeah for sure
and then teeth dead teeth yeah dead
teeth but a lot of people you know it is
expensive you know to to address that
but my thing has always been when
somebody is like you know something
about dental they go you know
well it's it's whatever thousands of
dollars I go go into debt directly you
could
you should buy that right now because
your life might improve yeah exactly
it's worth it it's a worth it to pay
their learning potential so sure
Jessa Reed do you know Joe Cerritos no
you know her yeah she want just she got
one of the best stories that has been on
already so yeah comic addicted to meth
she said she found out that when you pee
when you are meth that is a percentage
of meth in your pee so she was like
liquid gold
yeah she told the story on on ours
podcast and it's grace that's the thing
with mushrooms you know when you trip
balls if you drink your piss you'll trip
even harder really yeah a lot of
psilocybin goes right through your pills
you cannot counter you did this just do
more mushrooms yes
suggest I had all fake teeth because she
had they'd all fallen out from meth damn
she's pretty she's beautiful and she's a
fucking hilarious so she did my podcast
and told the story and just this is
what's beautiful about podcast some dot
some dentist in Portland was like y'all
I can do it for free
no way flora or she flew up he did her
whole fucking mouth Wow guys name a give
me a shout-out but fucking stir texture
and give that to the shoutout that's
cool shit yes it's no money out of his
pocket it's his time and he's like oh
you know what you're me made me laugh
for fucking two hours on birth podcast
yeah that's cool that's very cool I love
stories like that yeah why do I feel
worse when hot girls become addicted to
meth like you see the potential ruin man
it's just like a fuck you know a fucking
great young fighter that gets in the
coke and crash yeah you see the
potential
scratch you know you know how good her
life could be basically right you know
if Fitness influenced or just do squats
and yoga pants like the what how good is
that gig that's a great kick what the
fucking those gals make a lot hot yogoan
sir oh yeah wait girls that just have
raising I got some style and I'm cute
here's the thing though they are
changing what a hot ass looks like
mm-hmm whoo whoo standards like on
Instagram because of these influence ID
everyone's trying to keep up with that
oh my god there's certain girls that are
just in the gym every fucking day trying
to figure out new
to make their ass pop in the fight yeah
and and what what is a good ass now I
mean in the 70s you all you had to do
was just like be there not be huge yeah
but what asses didn't mean anything you
should see these happen to people
reggaeton girls in Colombia with their
asses what's that word oh okay then what
is that like a type of music oh look
reggae no reggaeton reggaeton yeah have
you heard that I don't know yeah people
do Ladysmith Brady Smith DDS Halle Brady
Smith oh how did you do that cuz Jamie's
a wizard cocktail Xavier just a smile
Thank You brucey where does he live we
should post his yeah is he live in
Portland docks that motherfucker
Portland folks if you listen to this you
need some dental work done go to that
guy look he's a handsome fella what a
fucking good guy yeah what a good guy
what's he's got a podcast I'll just call
drilled it just makes you want to kill
yourself if you go back to when asses
didn't mean anything like what was the
shift was it sir mix-a-lot Oh No
daisy dukes right she had great legs but
Catherine Bach did not have an ask and I
heard when I heard baby got back and
this is how white I am I was like we do
you like big act like it was so foreign
to me I was like fuck who the fuck likes
that well that just shows you how
segregated this country is because
people would in that when that song came
out people black people like people like
that well yeah history look everything
else stayed the same what girls like
girls like guys with big muscles guys
were tall six-packs yeah it's all the
same yeah but what it would she would
say a guy who's like 6 foot 3 with a big
chest big arms six-pack and a big hog
she's asleep
listen we're not talking about your
wives we're talking about a girl who has
no emotional connection to someone if
you asked her yeah it's a trap paper
what's effect Ryan Reynolds right right
that's what you'd say Jason Momoa
some some comedy dude it's the same it
was that way in the 70s it's that way
now yeah the thing that changed with men
is asses yes
no was it asses I saw an ass going into
Petco yesterday that was fucking insane
and I was like I never would have been
into that as a kid will you show me here
Jamie says Jane Fonda brought it up in
the I really see it though it's just
no that's a trashy getaway question and
a fucking Instagram influence would be
ashamed of that but their ass should
also give them like flat ones in the six
the Crabtree who's a girl Jen Selter is
that the girls who got the most insane
fucking ass on Instagram but I know he
talking about she's one of them but
there's there's no one girl anymore
there's so many there's a sim plants
though yeah that's that's a mess it
looks weird to be education girls
getting cancer from that implants no
good do you hunt do you remember on MTV
that had a show called true true life
and there's a guy that got calf implants
do you remember that by a chance I
remember I remember that remember that
from True Life and I was like what a
fucking like didn't you always like I
have someone who's never had all those
muscles
I would always seek like those guys and
be like I'd rather not have it then do
with this bird like oh I saw that as
such a pathetic thing to do have a
foreign body yeah sticking inside of you
this the the problem with that is the
same thing that happens to some women
when they get breast implants that yes
answer girls are getting that in their
ass now
yeah there's there's new instances of
ass cancer that are directly caused by
these ass implants the ass implants I
mean that is obviously probably the more
important statistic that I think that I
don't think they look good get ass crazy
imagine can you ask cancer because
you're too lazy to do squats so don't
you find that like a it is this but if
you don't you find it like almost more
permissible forgivable in a way to say
like this woman's getting breast
implants you go like okay yeah but like
if a guy's like oh I got PEC implants
yeah fucking push dude I know a dude who
had PEC implants
he hit a bunch of stuff done I know and
I know what I did when I saw him what
something that I never do we pat him on
the chest and I didn't know he had it
surgery the day before and I was like
good to see he was like like basically
and that's the only reason he no one
wants to confess that I think a guy that
I know killed himself oh really
yeah he was getting a bunch of plastic
surgery I'm just killing himself this
guy should really up tommy gun oh my god
dude it's gross what Tommy Morrison went
off the deep end like this after he died
he potty yeah hiv-positive he's doing
all kinds of crazy drugs and he got PEC
implants and they were preposterous
Jayma no you're on this look at that
look at that oh that's him after we want
to fight HIV positive with PEC implants
that looks horrible yeah but this is
even worse pictures but look at the
picture of him when he didn't have him
right there right yeah those are PEC
implants that's when he didn't have him
that's when he fought George Foreman he
was fucking jacked when he was young I
mean he looked fantastic he punched her
Foreman yeah when that fight no um yes
he did he beat George Foreman Merkin
people he won a decision from over
George Foreman which is a substantial
victory he's like he's like the chicken
of boxing but comic ya know he beat some
good guys hey brother yes he did he beat
razor Roddick you stopped him dropped
him with a big left hook Tom Martin had
a nasty left hook he just couldn't win
the big fight and he got destroyed by
Ray Mercer after rocky look at that
picture him after you got arrested see
that picture right right next to your
cursor above that above that chain right
there that's that's him on the right
hand side hiv-positive all fucked up oh
my god yeah did he ever get it he looked
like he was a dog I think he died of
AIDS but that was oh my god he was
falling apart his life was over I mean
he was just 44 yeah yeah he died really
young Wow
and that was him at 44 he looks like a
seven year old man he died at 44 yeah
yeah he was not doing good man and he
got addicted to all kinds of drugs and
was just you know his health fell apart
there's not good I wish someone would do
a documentary on chicken he got I mean
Tommy Morrison got famous for he was a
good boxer like a really good boxer and
then he got famous from that Rocky movie
and then his whole life fell apart he
was
good in that movie have you remember we
were high school in that movies out and
we were standing up in the aisles like
going come on rock it was a good fucking
movie was a good good box it was good
actor there's always a thing though
right of like if a white boxer is decent
great white hope kind of factors
Russians yes vadoma Klitschko helped the
title forever no one give a fuck right
he's not American well they're an
American and also they had a kind of a
boring style but that's him in the movie
but in real life he was a very good
boxer up until the time that he did that
Rahman but I think was I think pussy was
just like they were putting pussy in
slingshots and just shoot them yeah I
mean he was a handsome guy he was a
movie star and people thought that he
was gonna be the next heavyweight
champion the world and did you ever see
the Ray Mercer fight Oh cue that up cuz
it's one of the most brutal knockouts
just queue up Ray Mercer Kos Tommy
Morrison well it is fucking horrible I
mean it is one of the worst because he
gets tangled in the ropes
he keeps head no I was watching with my
friend Kevin we were at a bar and we
were watching it and just go to the part
where he gets ko to the end it's fucking
rough man he gets a lot sits he gets
before that before that way before that
he gets yeah so he gets yeah there it is
before just go right before this so Ray
Mercer he started getting tired and Ray
Mercer catches him in the corner and he
unloads on him and Tommy Morrison's arms
get tangled in the ropes we can't go
down like look at this see he's tangled
in the row fuck bro I mean it was one of
the worst Kos I ever remember seeing
look at that
I mean Ray Mercer was a murderer he was
an Olympic gold medalist to have late
stop referee was scared to get in there
and bring Mercer was back then like
no-one's cheering why man over a bunch
of the one who fought that white M Omega
yeah Tim Sylvia I owed him with one
punch and that was a rough one too
because they were supposed to have a
boxing match and Tim Sylvia kicked his
leg yeah they both agreed those MMA but
we're not gonna kick this is why the
Commission wouldn't allow it to be a
boxing match because Ray Mercer was a
world champion Olympic gold medals and
Tim Sylvia did not have
a fight or did not have a boxing fight
but he was you know a very high level
and then a fighter so they just buddy
was past his prime so they decided to
have they called it an MMA fight
Ray Mercer was I think a general
agreement I think Ray Mercer was 46 at a
time he sees a gentleman's agreement
look at the look at his face like come
on man like that
watch him setting this up bang and then
it gets on top of it goes this whole
fight takes a few seconds look at this
that is a hammer of a punch that's a
slow fall and you know it was already
way past Tim Sylvia's prime Tim Sylvia
when he was young it was a fucking
animal he's the one that led his army of
broken yes I'm a woman fighting I want
to get Frank Mir broke his arm is fine
you want to and it was one you could
just kind of move up until people like
sat in the front you just love just sit
there you don't have a baseball game and
then uh Tim silver was there and Tate
was there with me and he said hi to him
and he was wearing his belt and it might
my first ever fight he would he had a
championship belt and I was like later
today it was like are they supposed to
like wear their belts out and he goes no
he just does that Tim so he wore them
everywhere just wears his belt as his
belt hey he look man you're the
heavyweight champ of the world you do
whatever the fuck you want you want to
bring that thing everywhere good bring
it everywhere that would be an
interesting book Ari was to hear maybe
you and like the group that you know
Joe's experience with MMA has been so
different but I would love to hear in an
outsider's view as an insider on the
growth of MMA how it was but then UFC
yeah cuz you you were going to you guys
were going to fights
oh yeah early days there was a member
was it was barbaric you saw some early
flights right oh yeah
how many fights you think you've been to
30 50 easy he's gonna fights in other
countries uh-huh
Australia Brazil fucking everywhere
everywhere we started there was there
was the the weigh-ins was just the fight
camps was just the people who were with
the fighters like 10 fans yeah I would
do that I would announce the weigh-ins
there was no one there there's no one I
went to away and did fucking ten twelve
thousand people went to oh yeah I forget
which one I've changed yeah yeah I was
like what a change
gradual 2005 is really when everything
shifted wait if I if we go to that
McGregor fight can I go see like oh fuck
yo and see everything man come with me
yeah I've never been I feel like someone
said you know a lot about MMA I go I
know a lot of names I know like I know I
know everything it seems like never been
whatever are there fun that's crazy even
one you should take an edible yeah yeah
do this six hours yeah yeah six hours
hey yeah well this is the best one this
is Ari and Duncan making out because
they knew the cameras on and watch this
Bing here we go and I went one not
knowing what to expect at all it's not
being there definitely is an experience
it's not slightly different my favorite
part always is when they play the top
now who song but in between the prelims
and them and away in the end it's like
oh my god yeah yeah yeah they play thing
is about a fight is is that like a fight
is inherently you know exciting but the
energy of those arenas
oh yeah exit Mena the one in Toronto
where was 55,000 were you at that one
the craziest ones I ever went to was Rio
and Columbus Columbus is like Tim Sylvia
fought Captain America Oh II fought
Randy that's yeah no one thought Randy
would win and then he won rain it was
rock time early in the round yeah yeah
it's with the energy oh yeah you go I
can't go cuz I'll be in Hawaii
wahoo Maui and Kauai great yeah that's
where the Blue Note yeah that's a great
club you know I Blue Note is there any
idea man I'll go back and do that you're
in a wife where's blue nose in Hawaii I
mean I don't know it's in Oahu Honolulu
Robert yeah oh yeah that's a grandeur
done get every time I go to Hawaii I
just get drunk and lay on the beach it's
the best play by the way and I
envisioned that you just like I bet your
burdens after
oh yeah I mean I'm conscious go for a
run early in the morning so you can earn
your buzz nobody for somebody tries to
pour water I'm gonna save them and drag
them back into the water gym every day
you never watch a woman get hit in the
head by a coconut you shut the fuck up
in Colombia because I saw a coconut tree
you know I say like more people died
gonna hit my head like coconut what what
did I say oh is that is more than what
marijuana no no one does marijuana more
than the streets I think more people die
from aspirin than coconuts 3,000 people
in the United States every year from
aspirin aspirin yeah 150 people died
this legend gained momentum after 2002
work oh that's what it acts yeah this
statistic is often been contrasted with
a number of shark caused deaths per year
which is around 5 yeah nobody ever lost
an arm down coca died coconut I'd rather
lose an arm to be dead from a coconut
hang on can i pivot this conversation
and say can we do a mid year sober
October mid year maybe and do the
surfing challenge you know the surfing
challenge what we need to do is go to
like Kelly Slater's place and and do the
indoor shit did you see his pipe line
wave yeah it's dope he is one in Waco
that's really great my friend Kenny Fong
he owns Dark Side motoring and
Chatsworth shoutout to Kenny he he went
to he fucking flew in a Waco Texas with
their surfboards and people looking I'm
like what the fuck are y'all doing here
yeah
chipping Joanna Waco Waco apparently has
a giant indoor surf joint just like
Kelly's yeah wait so there's Kelly's
place hey look at this this is fucking
bananas man that's an indoor you know
the shad look once in a while that's
well I mean I mean not indoors obviously
yeah manufacturing wait so is Kelly's
place out here yeah is there like two
hours right here this Fresno yeah dude
Cal dated a 24/7 on HBO for Kelly Slater
for him competing in this year's Triple
Crown hype and it wasn't fucking so it
makes you
I watched it I was like dude out yeah
well it's not fake it's generated by man
but it's a real water wave and you can
learn how to surf on these motherfuckers
obviously it's gonna be so uniform to
that you'd have to wait to get a wave
learn where to sit on the fucking right
it's like dude I'm telling you man that
the 24/7 for colic Kelly Slater
everyone's got to watch it it's so good
mmm
it's that guy is such a I've known of
him since I was probably kidding at 11
years old dude we said the the celebrity
of living I lived was that Kelly Kelly
Slater would surf at Sebastian Inlet
where the monster whole monster for like
so I was in Vero and Sebastian's north
of euro and they're like Kelly Slater's
surf sets about I don't even know if
it's true he put everybody mad I mean
Ron John was out of Cocoa Beach
but you knew Kelly Slater was Cocoa
Beach that's dude I went to surf at
Cocoa Beach and I was like you go in the
lineup you just looking around when your
kid going is Kelly Slater gonna be here
do you you say it was his name I knew
his name when I was fucking 12 13 it's a
certain celebrity that comes with being
a wave rider like a badass wave rider
it's a different kind of celebrities
like that do this savage and he was not
in Saved by the Bell
no there's a watch though that's Mario
Lopez bro
different good I'm telling you man I'm
good
Kelly Kelly Slater the wave he caught a
pipeline do you can you pull that up the
pipeline he just caught a wave up my
mind you see that you see that wave nah
dude you gotta pull this up he's it
he's an amazing fuckin athlete I love
this competitive yeah I love that I mean
amazing world champion I know no but
people people squash that shit they
don't say it publicly he was on your
podcast he was talking about like I just
got obsessed with ping pong is this the
wave guy - which is crazy we're like
like at what year did they have to stop
doing this like Kelly's in his 40s right
gotta be God retired I'd be 47 1/8
masters may have retired no he was like
if he was gonna win I think he was gonna
definitely retires 47 years old
perfect can go down protesting crowd a
perfect ten Kelly said a perfect ten
this wave Joe is like where do you see
this I said perfect
and the pipeline this wave is fuck is
that it right there it's kind of Isis hi
three times it's iced so the drop-ins
fucking sick almost never get that
that's crazy this you're like please
through it while it's closing on top of
them it look at them in the face oh my
god I don't know that's bonkers do you
think it is do you think that that
feeling right at the very get a standing
ovation look at that do ya hitting him
in the face as he's doing to stay on
board what kind of fucking balance what
watch his water yes he knows that just
get through here I've gone look at this
it's hitting on the face look at he
still hangs in there look at this part
look at this feeling he's got woo right
yes I've had that coming off stage
before but I can't be like that it can
use also 47 and still able to do this
which is incredible because so you guys
I want to think that for high level
athletics like this that is competing
against 22 year old yeah that's about as
high as you get Jake he knows like
halfway through this like oh this is on
the this is on the pace right now for
perfection you got to see this 24/7
because he talks about he talked about
getting out and line up and going like
sometimes the way of just don't show up
you can't change that right and then
sometimes you go fuck it I gotta roll
the dice this is looks like a shit wave
and it may be I'm a fuck me over but I'm
gonna this is obviously they're my words
but and then he's like I'm gonna do it
and then on this thing he pulls out like
a fucking 9 on a wave and then
everyone's like what the fuck he still
got it but it's really crazy man that
wave I saw that cut just watch that
thing and Andrew Schultz is a big surfer
and he else is a server hard core bro he
went in New York he had long beach
people stuff in Long Beach and he moved
out to LA to go to school up in Santa
Barbara to go surfing that was his goals
like I'll surf every day and then he got
out there was like fuck this I don't
give me Kelly Slater like gets the
perfect 10 and all his competition is
like 22 year old guys and they're like
you're a legend now you're legend he's
like you should see the fucking three
girls I fucked this morning all right
man nice to meet you but like he still
is
doing crazy shit right like he he's
fucking bangin models
oh brother uh-huh no he's got a check
he's got a check beautiful check well
yeah I mean you seen Kelly Slater with
hair have you ever seen Kelly's head
with air is he more handsome bro pull up
a picture of fucking little young like
that fuck boy in a good way you know
like he was before the podcast he's not
gonna enjoy are you shitting me this is
movie star looks that's the problem look
at that fuckin picture it's amazing when
you're that handsome that you get
anything done yeah that's a problem with
really really good-looking guys they're
slaying so much oh he was in Baywatch he
was at least I might be that handsome
bastard with Pamela Anderson back when
she was Pamela Anderson Kapow before she
was fuckin Julian Assange and an embassy
somewhere you think they were boning
well I'm sure once you see how a lot
fuck'em oh she did and she's you ever
see her on the view just laying down the
fuckin truth to those ladies and they
treated her like a model and she was
like no no I've actually researched a
bunch of information I like to talk
about it was pretty fucking cool well
the view they should do a fantasy campus
you could fuck the view is this but they
talk about like serious shit and people
take them seriously take them real
seriously yeah but there's two more and
they're cackling over each other and
yelling to each other and telling each
other to calm down here's the thing is
though they're not even friends that's
what's weird about that show that'll
never work
it's work doesn't really I mean the
conversations are gross and then a big
fight that was like a big one but they
always do it they have like the blonde
lady who's a Republican I mean how many
times the football players what
Elizabeth Hasselhoff but I was thinking
about the other one
McCain McCain girl Megan McCain now
that's the new one that's me always have
the blonde there will be I always have
liked it before it was Whoopi
it was Whoopi always there that Barbara
Walters was there the Rosie O'Donnell
Rosie O'Donnell was there for a long
time she would abound Sherri Shepherd
funny to think of what goes in to
producing the view and like what it what
it is right it's people talking but but
I'm saying you think of like the
production the people that make up the
the grips the sound people or the
producers taken notes that and then like
you're doing the same like this is the
same thing you know I mean like the
conversation is happening but without
all the nonsense yeah we all yes yeah
that's the difference between TV and
this well I bet that show would be
better if you just left them it was
definitely would be there's no
commercial it also be more popular
probably let's put it there is it it's
been on for a long what do you think
like he gets on an average day I think
more than like sitcoms like a couple
million views no more I think it's like
all these housewives at home with
nothing to do with a dumb boy 5 million
viewers probably I'm get 5 million
viewers I said 20 let's do this fuck it
yes this is not 20 let's flip it the
other way okay how about this could you
add from what they have their business
model that would increase would would be
would better your show I know one I know
one they could put makeup on my head so
it won't be so shiny oh you know the
viewers you do you find it or no
last month they averaged about 2.6
million so I guess that's a purse show
her show the difference is that how many
people are fans and how many people just
flip with your channel there's nothing
else so on yeah I see I've seen episodes
of you
I've watched a bet you have I definitely
have like when normals are important or
Donald Trump that was the best episode
of normal or says is the right
at one point says I've never had
consensual sex with a woman
no he just got tripped up in his word to
news on this apology tour and he was
like it was it was right as that said
this is the stage his it's right as his
Netflix show is about to air and he gets
in big trouble he because he's on stir
no no no no loss started over he he
defends Lois first okay and then and
then and lows rose and then he goes on
Stern and when he's Stern and when he's
on sorry
instead of saying like like you'd have
to be retarded it's a likely to laugh at
this or to think this he'd be like you'd
have to have down syndrome thank you
saying like that's better because I
think down syndrome is okay to say but
routed is bad cuz it's night so he's
like he says in a bunch nor and they're
about to launch the show so of course
like you know everybody involved is like
panicking like leader you have a new
show launching you got it you got it so
he goes on the view and he's like yeah
it's like yeah and he is I'm like you
can see you can mute this and watch this
he is eating mints like as he had
popping them in his mouth and he's like
bad about that consensual sex with a
girl
consensual sex with the girl egos why
would I and they're like I think you're
miss being norm you see you see him on
your on date he's like he's like this so
I feel real bad about that he's fuckin
wild man I was just talking to Adam
about this do you remember the time you
came we can't tell the full story cuz I
think I normally comforted with it do
you remember the time right before the
election where you had a vape pen that
was really strong and norm came back yes
no what did he say it was it was the
funniest fucked up he was not ready for
this yeah well guys like that don't
smoke weed a lot they just do it
occasionally I think they remember what
weed is right this way that they're
fucking with today is a different animal
yes it's two in the pen so innocuous
it's just vaporizing English yeah but it
was it was hash oil in Japan it was
fucking it was nuclear God I smoked with
him one time in a parking lot in Irvine
right before I was with Ryan Sickler
Ryan always has good weed Arum and we
met norm and we were about to go in and
he smoked dude he's like such a
comfortable comic like with any like you
know he doesn't need like handing some
time alone to get my mind right before
this yeah they were in the parking lot
he takes a fucking monster hit of strong
wheat and he starts coughing like
coughing enough to make like you know
like a tear come really cool and then we
walk into the Irvine improv and they're
announcing him he just walks onstage and
he just starts talking about the soda
he's drinking and killing with it like
just off the top of his head just
totally not look comfortable he's one of
the funniest guys ever hit stand-up
changed the way I did this next special
though this next special was like bit
like because I love those guys that grow
you know that when you see them it's not
they're not doing they're like there's
nothing wrong with it but they're doing
the exact same type of stuff they did in
the last one they're just changing the
names a little bit
and I looked at I called Stanhope maybe
one of the most mind-bending days of
Stan's they just when you said that
smell thing or use your brain goes baby
what the fuck
I called Stanhope one day it was like
hey what you doing he was like drinking
a vodka grape suit trying to grape grape
juice grapefruit juice trying to write a
knock-knock joke I was like what here's
again I'm thinking of funny scoops you
know try and write a knock-knock joke we
gotta be as funny as those guys right I
was like yeah and he goes so we could
write one couldn't we here's the guy let
me tell you what I got
he's like reads a couple knock-knock
jokes and I was like yeah why the fuck
aren't we fucking with the format and
then norm
I seen norman norm has the best joke I'm
gonna tell you the joke is that great
it's the best is he still doing it
no no norm there's this this for me was
like this was like why aren't we going
why don't we why aren't we sometimes
taking a step back to take a step
forward right norm has a joke he goes I
got a neighbor see the neighbor and I
said hey neighbor what do you do for a
living neighbor says Nora I'm a
professor of logic down at the
university there's science and norm says
what's that he goes well norm it's hard
for me explain it's easier to me just
show you what I do norm do you have a
dog house and I'm goes I do I'm you know
something you must have a dog logically
he does I do have a dog and he goes all
right and if you were dog logic i can
assume you must have a child you have a
child norm he goes I do have a child his
one of you have a child logically I can
assume you must be married to a woman
are you married to a woman Norman he
goes I am his norm then logically I
could assume you're a straight white
male and normal is wow that's amazing so
the next day norms down on the bus stop
having a cigarette sees another one of
his neighbors neighbors because norm do
you meet the new neighbor he goes yeah I
did
here's what's he do for a living because
he's a professor of logic to the
university of science here's what is
that he was well it's hard for me to
explain there's much easier for me
giggles yeah he goes yeah norm goes hati
up a doghouse he goes no and he goes
well you must be a faggot
why what like like we're joke it's a
joke why are we like we're all funny
like why can't because that's a
problematic word and it's banned great
Joe it's a great job but like though
that old joke writing we all stepped
away from but like what if we could
tether ourselves to it at a bit and what
we're doing now Norman does that Marc
Norman Norman does but like stand-up
going I'm right knock-knock jokes just
for like a writing exercise mhm where
you go what if you what if you just
wrote like a banger knock-knock joke or
like this special I wrote something like
that what are your specials coming out I
I can't say it yep I know interesting I
wonder don't waste your time how does
that hurt promoting it ahead of time but
you just still promoted ahead of time I
would say I think actually no I think
they actually do request a Netflix that
you don't say it's the time yes okay
with me souped-up for they asked me they
want to be the ones that tell ya yeah
that comes with pets paying a lot of
money I'm going big for this special
meaning why Tommy knows I got big plans
videos no no no I'm gonna do something
different you're saying something you
can't say yes hurtin people's feelings
at home
I think I think that's about comedy is
like it's why I've that's why I've
always liked like I like guys to go
against grain but like burr
I feel like burr every time does
something different like challenges
himself with an act out or something he
does you know he does he always says
that he was like figure out what you do
bad and then just owe me yeah I didn't
do like the like the back-and-forth
conversation style but I'm
to work on that in this special and then
he'll duty in that special it was so
good I know you're talking about so I
talked to her about this - it's the one
with the with this when he adopts the
two sons yeah it's one of the best I
watch that on my treadmill and my
drinking wine in my man cave and I went
on the treadmill
yeah oh this is part of the routine it's
called asking Joe get into it safe to
hire a productive trainer down one with
Joe have you thought about hiring a
trainer no that one joke is fucking that
it's last special no no so it's like
three sessions ago I think I think not
enough people challenge themselves get
outside the box I think in our in our
business you right right Burt do you sit
down and write a little bit that means
no no no because what happens Joe is
that it becomes I don't watch it becomes
it becomes too much for you to remember
on stage so what I do is alright bullet
points of what of things that pop for me
but to sit and longhand right it becomes
too much information I don't remember it
I've been I've done it a bunch your
brain doesn't even work like that no I I
get to like a presentation on when I do
that - yeah I start over cite it as I
wrote it instead of just like just
saying do you have any bits that feel
like that are so word specific they feel
like you're reciting not a bad way yeah
it's just like sometimes especially when
I get off the road for a while and then
I try doing at a club yeah I got a
Comedy Store or the stand or something
and then I like start doing I'm like oh
I'm reciting this yeah instead of like
talking to an audience of 40 or 50 yeah
it feels really small crowd will make
you talk to the more time you spend in
preparation and this is something that I
didn't start doing till about two years
ago actually preparing for shows like
going over notes and one of the things
that I have in the Ryder my contract I
write index cards I got that from Kevin
James really yeah I have Kevin James's
Rider and your white one yeah white wine
I took that you also have like all white
couches and white flowers and your M&Ms
racist now limos no I think that was
love I think the white oh that was like
an old yeah like a JLo thing Tommy David
says a white limo has to pick me up and
that's what a black fella watching oh
that was no city Griffin oh really
no no I think we're a are not the same
people there is I actually worked a club
once where they were like there was a
somebody here who requested a white and
here's the thing it wasn't like a white
limo there like a white Yukon like it
had to be a specific specific model Wow
vehicle and they did not pick it up and
that person chose to wait at the airport
I know that's all I heard was Tommy
Davidson is a story I heard that like
that I can't notice people were like I
put these crazy things of my writers to
make sure they're reading it but that's
the only thing they put in their writer
is that thing so it's like yeah you're
not putting in for that you want that
thing you want that thing just say it
yeah yeah well that's in the marvelous
mrs. Mazal like that you got to put
things in your writer or people don't
take you seriously that's interesting
but I don't I don't think I mean I don't
know anybody who's legit that has wacky
things in there right no when they asked
you guys like you want a writer a writer
yeah and they're like I remember most
people I was like if you're a performer
you work a venue you have the option to
like basically make requests things you
want in your green room so that you feel
happy and comfortable to perform but at
first like make sure it's some water I
guess here too or I can just go to the
front and get Buffalo Trace whiskey
Cabernet meat tray fruit meat tray is
key I got throat cote gummy bears gummy
bears I have a meeting cheese plate a
veggie plate water both flat and still
coffee tea and that's you know what all
I have standard it's pretty standard I
mean it's insane when you when you when
you see like usually what usage
musicians can ya really drive it up pal
has already in his dressing room that's
kind of cool doc dress I'll tell you
what we'll find fucking red light yeah
fuck the lighting the lighting fucking
makes a difference man yeah like shitty
like over office light you know overhead
that fucking sucks yeah it was real
bright no your class yeah one time and
it was it was your green room and you
invited the brink our girls back just
like hanging and stuff and I was trying
to get my head get ready for a big show
and these squawking fucking hot chicks
yeah I was like I just sit in the
stairwell to fucking collect my thoughts
remember that story I told you about
sitting next to a ring-card girl one
time on a flight home mm-hmm know that I
was at I this is fucking I don't know
how many years ago I did a gig with you
and then I had a I had a different
flight and one of the ring-card girls
was sitting across the aisle from me and
she just went water water water that's
right I remember this and then the
flight attendant came up and they're
like are you saying something she was
like water
they're like would you like some water
she was like yeah and then they're like
okay like she didn't press a button or
say excuse me she just said water Oh God
until somebody was like oh I guess you
want water Wow
really yeah yeah I'm so hungover you
can't say can I please have some water
how many times she be in the green room
with a bunch of people that don't
understand what you're going through you
know one time we did a show we did this
fucking end of the world show at the
door no no no that was the end of the
world that was the 2016 1 for the
election we did one for 2012 with
Stanhope and Diaz and honey honey we did
it at The Wiltern right mm-hmm and for
whatever reason the agents all decided
it was a party in my fucking greener a
free choice do that freak show I'm
talking that they all do it they all
knew that it was in LA so they all
wanted to come so they came and they
were drinking good watch girl 2 and I
was like hey I'm getting ready for a
show yeah they were they were talking so
loud they didn't give a place to hang I
was in the green room with right it's
like god I treated it like it was a
green room of a sit down my host show
yeah no show I don't care if a serial
killer comes in the green you do
whatever you want yeah pre-show yeah I
like it real chill fucking yeah me too
me too
and there's nothing crazier than like
straight strangers popping in the
overzealous Asian person or somebody you
meet my friend poachers never get the
fucking agent poacher have you had an
opener that you don't know bring people
you like who oh yeah and you're like oh
yeah
are you insane well I'm I had a guy
bring his family know his family his
family hears they this sounds crazy to
say opening for you yes I just random no
and it sounds crazy if you're listening
or whatever and you're like what you
talking about
well like when you get to the venue and
you're gonna do a show for most people
they want it like a pretty relaxed vibe
pre-show you know you're gonna you're
gonna perform you you don't you
definitely don't want like like a strain
I mean if it's if there's a stranger at
most you're gonna be like hello and then
nice to meet you and then they're gonna
leave because
understand you're about to do a thing
right you just you want to relax he's
not you don't necessarily like have to
meditate you're just like I just want a
relaxed atmosphere right like most
performance you got your head straight
you're ready to go perform this guy had
kids no he had kids in the fucking
creative people it was him his wife two
small children and and then like the
polluters a new comic he was new newer
yeah and the promoter came by and was
like he has it good when I was like it's
cool to know we're doing fucking daycare
here today and he was like you don't
know this I go well I mean I don't
really know him but I'm meeting his
children right now in the fucking green
room of this I mean it was bizarre man
it was asked if is it okay I bring my
family not feel bad if I know somebody
and they're in there and I'm headlining
and openers in there I'm like it's dirty
room too because you're also performing
but like I don't want my friends in
there imposing on the opener of cooed
you know if I was if I was opening for
you I would never find out the balls
ring be like oh yeah my friend fucking
sissy Eve wants the same hey no way dude
our local comic who's not on the show
comes by to hang out it's like bro do
all this host show dude yeah I wrote off
a dude that I was friends with for a
while for this lap when I shot the
special Cleveland who was like wasn't
wanted to just come hang out backstage
and I was like well no it's kind of like
I don't know really a guest list it's
kind of a closed set because in between
shows I'm getting notes from people that
is a huge night it's a huge fucking
night and I just was like and he sent me
a nasty fucking email about me being a
liar about 9:00 I'm at guestlist and I
was like all right bro I guess I'll
never speak to you again this is when
you're filming yeah I wait he was on the
show with you no no he was on the show
he just was in town you want to come
hang out he sent you a nasty email
saying you're a liar look because you
did never you said you didn't have a
guest list cuz he wanted to come
backstage and hang out yeah he wanted to
come to shows and I was like hey man I
its I'm in a different spot like I've
got the people that have been with me
understand that you were doing special
that's not why you're a lawyer Zia
comics
yeah I was I was just like I was like it
really fucked me up so I was like and
then and then all the sudden you're
fighting with some on the day or special
I was like you know what fuck this man
like I've done them that it's like fuck
you for putting me in a position of am i
special to have to fight yeah yeah yeah
you should you should cry or to try to
like how you trying to mentally distract
me yeah you do dude it's uh yeah it's
fuck don't get me into it because it'll
spin me out but like a man I'm your I'm
your friend I'll never I'll never put
you in a situation that where I go like
yo Joe can you get my buddy on I never
do that when people come and go
cookie emojos I just write them off
that's why my brain works I go if I'm
your friend I'm only a friend I'm never
gonna ask it of you like the worst is
when you're doing a weekend at a club
and some guy asked to a guess at just
give me a shot hey man you mind if I do
a guess at what wouldn't have you ever
done that
did you ever do that when you're coming
up did you ever go to a national how
opposite of that because I feel so I
mean I'm just I do not want to feel like
I was ever I actually went to a show one
time and was asked if I wanted to do a
guest spot and I was like that's
inappropriate for me just felt rude
being there right right versus people
that aren't entitled and I know this
from I know this from knowing Tom as
long as I've known him and re as well
none of us are the kind of guys that
were like next step what's the next step
in this business to get forward and I
step on to get to the next level I was
always like I want to find my group and
I want to be safe I want to I want to do
what I do and have them be like amen
that was not good or this was good as
friends
so that I knew that what I was doing as
an art form was safe I never was like
dude get me on your fucking thing get me
on your thing it's so many of those guys
out here there are so many those guys
and there's also people that get upset
that you don't use them to open when you
use other people that they think are
their equal to open do you ever get that
but it's like
yeah I mean I'm friends with them are
like what the way like not like not
getting your shit together to open a big
like if I was if I was like had the
balls to ask you to open one of your
shows that's I would come to it at least
feeling like my 20 is so goddamn tight
oh yeah so that like when you do it was
a good decision right I will be way more
nervous opening as a younger comic
opening up for you then you would be
like I would be like yeah I old and of
course I have a passing DA not asking
Tom I was open for Pauly in Baltimore
and I was home for like Thanksgiving
something and the week after that in DC
Dom was there and I was saw the lineup
was like no I'm never gonna ask him I
can't and then Eleanor told him later
like afterwards yeah Laurie was there he
was gonna ask you but he was felt
embarrassed because I should ask they
told him yeah it was like you're
imposing polite who think that day
shoutout I gotta give a shout out to
Mike Birbiglia when I one time I was in
town shooting something in Tampa for a
trip flipper travel channel and my boobs
at the Tampa improv we're of a sushi
next door and I was like I'm gonna stick
my head in and just say like hi or
whatever you know cuz I was a big fan I
think Birbiglia to this day is one of
the best storytellers or tellers without
a fucking doubt I don't know very good I
honestly don't know if I would have the
balls to be doing what I'm doing right
now Birbiglia hadn't been the first guy
to tell a long story yeah he really
wasn't the first one of the first on
weed and up stage - yeah and he was to
write a blog and his blog became really
popular might what was it what was it my
it was he would read it on Bob and Tom
who's fucking here yeah yeah I said I
rolled into the Tampa Improv them drunk
I'm fucking full my she and I stick my
head in the waiting room and I go amen
Bert Kreischer just know I like how
you're trying to be complimentary and I
could I remember the look on his face
was so deer in headlights and he was
like and I was like just big fan where
I'm in town I'm shooting my TV show I
just want to come in and say hi and he
was like alright and then is like
signing for minute he goes are you
asking for a guest set and I went oh
no no and he was like oh thank god no
problem is I've given guys against it
and then they go on and they cover a
topic that you cover that is true that's
a problem you don't know what they're
doing
you have no idea what their sin is you
know it's a real fuck thing is though if
somebody opens for you and then you're
like you have something like that and
then they you're opening for you and
then you're like you see that I'm doing
this right you know that I'm doing this
yeah you're gonna have had guys continue
to aversion right now Oh guys do it on
purpose yeah like they try to step on
your material yeah and they're opening
for you always afraid to they're gonna
be like if they do something other than
you do it like hey I didn't take this
from you just so you know yes the
tellers in the show if I already had my
thing planned yeah yeah well it's just
some guys will try to kill so that you
bomb you know like the local guys yeah
yes that's always an issue if you go to
a place and these fucking guys have
never seen you before and like Tom
Segura yeah watch this motherfucker yeah
you know and they'll you know for focus
on the food do these fans are my fans
they just gotta see me and then they'll
be following me they'll do a lot of
local shit that's one thing they do a
lot of if they drive up that luggage
that you know that whack is fuck
immediately like if they they lean you
into it hard it's one thing to make like
a one or two comments but if they're if
it's if they do like six minutes I lived
in Boston well you were act but you're
starting out yeah yes it was so sad when
I go on the road people like know if I
could find a time machine I would go
back to Boston in the late 80s and I'd
have Joe Rogan open for me uh-huh and I
would just take him with me and be like
so a would tell me what you think about
aliens book
just started about this to know somebody
for a long time and then look up shit
like 20 year old you don't mean like
yeah I can watch clips of you if you
like myself and I got weird so weirdest
part about being friends with you is I
was a fan of yours before I was friends
with you when you and Brian were doing
that Joe show and I was like fucking so
into that I was into this podcast before
I ever got on the podcast and so like to
know you like I remember telling you one
time about you at jenna jameson you're
like I've never been to a person I was
like fucking pretty certain I saw it
like I've never met her and yeah I was
like no I'm pretty sure there's a video
out there of you guys at a party and you
were like I'm pretty sure and I was like
fine I watched it like you know your
memory sucks say I'd never met jenna
jameson
you by the way hang on if there is an
astute person Gebbie well if you will
hear it on the podcast that I didn't
know her no no no no this is way before
she started dating Tito Ortiz this is
like a long time ago I remember you and
jenna jameson at a party in Phoenix I
remember a party and yeah with her
husband oh yeah her husband she's
explaining how to eat pussy yeah okay
I'm not crazy just ruining the story
probably I wish Birbiglia was here to
save me he's giving a version of the
story that doesn't make sense but yeah
it is crazy to know of people's past
like lives I'll tell you what I would
love a fucking documentary about is the
store like his they're doing this shit
fine just doing it and he's doing it
real slow which makes you give real hope
that it's gonna be good
he's taking like two years to do it by
the way I'm in that documentary I wish I
didn't say it out loud
let's make another car try some that Dan
Akroyd does oh yeah is there more ice
there by chance but I'm curious always
to know about like the store when I
wasn't there
dude it was the best in the early aughts
but people say it was the worst I heard
okay for stand-up shows sure it was the
worst for its entire purpose energy wise
it sounds horrible
no Dom says it the best he goes there
was this young group of okay I know it
is the employee section so I don't know
other people who are like 10 12 year
college has the employees it was like we
ran the place it was so much fun I just
saw it as a foreign place we would go
sneak in the back to see like the
mainstream no no we're fucking in the
back Aykroyd any alcohol that I didn't
pour in my bring with me personally I
just drank some of that man there's
something in there it's just Dan
Aykroyd's we opened that schism in like
OB curio like history of like I want to
know like where I went up and then town
certain personalities why certain
personalities didn't get closer when I
thought they should have like in knowing
them as adults they should be closer
does that make sense
closer to what like I don't know like
closer friends you mean I would love to
know like the camps and like who were in
the different camps and look there was
no camaraderie back then there was some
camaraderie with like door guys there
was there was a lot of like the the
problem was there was this leftover shit
from guys who were all struggling to get
sitcoms
they were all struggling to be the host
of a talk show desk Tomic juice soda
yeah it was good Joe you're right it was
good when there was a level of
acceptance that the place was a failure
and that we were just in it for jokes
yes and then we were like we're not
gonna get anything cuz Bobby Lee was
like the most successful guy because he
was on MADtv
but the thing that was going on that was
weird was that the guys that were at the
higher level there was a few that were
left over there seeing Kinison take off
and they had seen David Letterman take
off and they were still there
yeah there was there were there was a
few of those guys that were left behind
they were very bitter and they did not
like young guys they there was a
different thing like today when young
guys are coming out for young girls
anybody who's funny at the store gets
love you know whether it's a doorman or
someone who works the booth there's no
like there's no anyone know what's down
it's not like you're mad so I'm not now
is the internet changed at all because
we all have a platform to help now
whereas before it was like the only way
you got successful was through
television television was the goal and
if Tommy got a TV show you were like
fuck that could have been my show and so
there was this like backstabby weird
fucking competition back then there now
it's different now if you gotta go now
everybody helps everybody that place
different Santino suddenly from like no
podcast to a successful podcast yeah now
everybody's like oh that's another
platform I can go on when someone gets a
Netflix special or something everybody
gets happy and everybody gets pumped and
then they also see like hey if you can
come bust your ass and you're good and
you work hard you can get one to go into
yeah it's not it's not like he used to
be man it was weird man when I was when
I first got that I came out here 94 I
came out of with a sitcom already had a
sitcom so when I came out here I came
out here to do a sitcom and what was
more important to me than anything was
being a paid regular at the store that's
what I give a fuck about the sitcom was
just I felt like it's gonna get canceled
eventually I'm just gonna make some
money while I can and this is way more
money than I ever thought it could ever
make yeah and but I'm gonna do comedy
you know and so then I would be hanging
around the store but there was there was
no friends it was weird and like who was
there when you when you first went to
the store who's there Mencia was there
he was there he was just startled and
Ralphie what's that then about Ralph no
no Stanhope was never there Ralph he
wasn't really Schubert was there
Schubert was there before me Schubert
was there you know he was like Mitchell
arriver back in the fucking day did you
know that in the past at the Magic
Castle you know yeah
Jimmy Schubert he's a really good
magician yeah Wow yeah no kidding yeah
Wow I didn't know that yeah super super
once I was the door guy and um his
parents were there in Philadelphia or
something like that yeah yeah and I was
like hey dude
nervous in your pant because I my
parents see me like once ever and I was
getting nervous new parents see it goes
no no they see me budget at times I
don't care but he goes where midsi's
here you know that's tough and I've been
inside of her yeah I used to bang messy
when he was a young fellow he was you
serious yeah that's how you got spots
yep she was straight up like if you want
to get up you got to get it up yeah that
was back in the day okay to do that
yeah no one had a problem with it it's
not like a Harvey Weinstein type deal
yeah shit yeah yeah but like back then
it was like there was it's a few big
guys who stopped in like Martin Lawrence
would stop in there was a few busy cool
poetry guy he never got to talk to him
he's friendly with me now but back then
I would go on after him just each yeah
you remember him like when it went as
the host of Def Jam dude he was fuckin
to me oh man when I got passes he
remember that joke should I light
another cigar oh we got you done close
to done
no I got to relight this one but you can
let another one okay I just remember I
remember this this thing started a
recession like a complement to him but I
mean it sincerely cuz I would be if I
was obsessed I would go in our basement
to watch Def Jam no you know and because
I got caught watch that in the living
room yeah watch that in the basement and
he was so funny and just engaging you
know like they're soaked so charismatic
that I would look forward to the
interstitials like to him coming back
just to introduce the next person
because that's how funny he was he was
on top of the world yeah he was he
really was and I was a young comic who
was not very good and I used to have to
go on after him what time we were free
whenever someone was good I would be on
after him anybody who crushed whether it
was dice that's when you know anybody
who was good with Martin Lawrence I
would go on after Martin Lawrence oh you
go onstage with a leather jumpsuit on
how did how did you draw you know I've
never any of this I've never asked you
how did you get past what was your
showcase like this is why I got past
there was a guy named the Todd do you
remember the time the Todd went crazy
the Todd went crazy but
for he went crazy help me out he told me
do this for other people when I was
first starting out mitts he thought it
was okay but I could work as a non-paid
regular and I was you know freaking was
26 and so I was doing sets at the store
after the show so the show would go on
to like whatever one o'clock in the
morning and I was there every fucking
night and I did that for six months and
then I mean I had no friends no anybody
here yeah I didn't know anybody here so
I just knew a guy I would just go up I
would go up after the show's over I knew
that I could get a spot at one o'clock
in the morning if I wait what's happen I
don't remember I remember I would go on
always around around 180 ELCA and there
was very few people in the crowd but she
gave me a showcase I did the showcase
she goes you could be a non-paid regular
so it's like good so I can do sets after
the show so I'd go and I'd sit around
and I would wait and I'd watch I didn't
have a life back then okay I had the
sitcom that I was doing during the day
and then at night time had no friends I
just moved here so I just hang around
the store and I was really disappointed
because the store was Mecca to me man
back when I lived in Boston I was like I
heard about the college store that's
where Kennison was and we were all like
one day we're gonna go to the comic
store in LA and I went there and there
was his bowed axe man he's fucking
Kasota Casino acts they were terrible
everyone there was so many bad comics
that had missed the wave right they were
there was a wave in the 1980s where
basically anybody could be a comic you
just had a talk like a comedian I mean
I'm looking at my cat and I'm like what
is this Wild Kingdom in my living room
and it was a fucking shuck and jive in
non non perspective having guys yeah and
a few of them lingered and so those are
the ones that were at the store so the
wave of Kennin see I'm here in 94 right
Kinnison was huge in 88 you gotta
realize that's only six years so
kinnison's huge in 88 and then he dies
in 92 right and somewhere around then
I'm living in New York where he died and
then I'm in LA two years later in the
fucking place is a ghost town I'm
telling it was like do you think it's
odd because he does it was a big part of
he was like big go away well I kept
hearing about all these celebrities that
would come to the comic store to see
Kinison and I was like wow
you see Kennison that's crazy that came
to see em like all these fucking rock
stars and Keith Richards and fucking
movie stars and Belushi and all these
guys would come to the comedy store that
shit was gone by the time I got there so
by the time I got there with this you
know the comedy sir has gone through
he's in the past he's like peaks and
valleys and I got there in a valley but
I stayed I was there for like six months
and this guy that Todd was there right
and Dick Todd that's the Todd right
there that guy I hope that guy a lot
hard he's fine he's gone now
anyway the Todd had like a severe mental
episode where he literally something
went wrong like some sort of a disease
something went wrong mentally and he
lost his mind before he blasts his mind
he sat down next to Mitzi
so when Mitzi try me for my second
showcase I went up and I did my set I
had a good set but the Todd was laughing
hard he sat down next to me he's like
admits he's like he's funny and Todd was
like that guy's fucking funny he's
fucking funny and I was cool with him he
was very friendly I saw you doing
late-night spots before he saw me
banging it out and then he came to me
offstage goes i sat down next to Mitzi
and I laughed really hard because I came
offstage and Mitzi goes your past you're
gonna be a pain regular call in the
morning get some sets I was like holy
shit I'm a fucking paid regular the
store not granted I'm gonna television
show at the time right I think she was
terrible his baseball show called
hardball it was terrible and it could
have been good too I watched that watch
the guys who wrote The Simpsons wrote it
they wrote on married with children
really good writers and Jeff Martin and
Kevin Curran they're really funny really
talented really smart guys and Fox's
fucking brutalize their show brutalized
it and they brought in all the hacks and
they chopped it up so I was in Hell
doing this terrible sitcom means making
good money though but we're relevant
we're reliving oak woods Apartments yeah
that's like the pilot place we'll see I
think by then I might have gotten an
apartment in North Hollywood
Hartman in North Hollywood a few months
in because I figured it was gonna stick
around for a while and then you know she
gave me the thing and then Todd pulled
me aside he goes hey he goes i sat down
next to me and I laughed really hard and
he goes and that's that's how you get
someone past and he goes one day you're
gonna do that for people too I'm like
okay you did it for Chris McCoy dude I
fucking host did it for Chris McCoy cuz
this terrible comedian was supposed to
do the hosting gig
who's supposed to host open mic night
yeah and I found out Maguire was gonna
do his showcase Mitch he thought I was
funny to put this terrible comedian up
and have him host I mean he was
impossibly bad I like how you're
intentionally not yes I'm not saying
it's not good so I thank you drying over
no you definitely don't so um so all
right I called up and this is when I was
on news radio yeah I called up and I
said hey I go fuck this I go I'm gonna
host open mic night so I came down and
hosted open mic night just for McGuire
no I did that for a bunch of people sat
down next to Mitzi while people were
showcasing funny people and just laugh
just laugh hard clap and it would
influence their it influences everybody
but having a good room makes everybody
even I've seen a billion shows it's
still if somebody's doing well I can't
see through or not doing well I'm like
that guy's pretty sure I did that for
Diaz oh yeah I did it for so many people
that was look man I was so thankful and
then one day I didn't see him for a long
time
but don't see yeah I don't see him for a
long he went by that odd yeah the Todd
the Todd he was gone for he's - open for
Paul he was one of paulie's buddies any
relation do you think - the Charlie's
Angel name of fucking what's his name's
character in that Todd Lema shit says
that's his name there it is yeah that's
an old line up for 1986
yeah article from a BuzzFeed about the
let me see Schubert the long green ants
do sets with her in New York I'll be
Ludington will steer Kravitz I knew him
- Marc Maron look at 8:07
was brett ratner that's the Bruckner no
no Mary sure maybe it might have been no
Erin Merryn was there for a short time
then he went to network and you know he
went to Bob cest with the Comrie
Storybrook Jerusalem syndrome about
being there then when he came back he
was all
shell-shocked 94 said Robert Downey jr.
that's on this is it son confirmed
oh okay so in 87 when Marin was there I
met him right after that in 88 whereas
he moved to Boston so he was doing sets
in Boston Marin was Marin gave me like
one of the nicest pieces of advice or in
compliments that anybody ever gave me
the best Bitcoin didn't say that Oh
what wait what was the other oppressed I
need to keep going that was funny you
know he said you can do this man you're
really original you you got a great
voice you used to hang out at that when
when I was an employee every once in a
while you would hang out just watch the
employee section and I didn't realize it
it makes me think now
it's important for like just that it was
a paid regular and a guy on a sitcom
that were just like sit and watch us and
was like cool I don't like comedy man
and I like supporting comedians I've
always liked supporting too because from
my martial arts background like
camaraderie and like the whole team and
helping everybody like having a good
group or I always knew the value in that
it's very important to have a good
community know can you watch comedy
online like on Instagram that's good
yeah watch i watch good clips a lot with
it the Todd thing no back to that
because so what happened was one day I
got there and I hadn't seen him for a
long time I forget how long but it was a
long time and he was hanging out in the
front patio but he was weird he was just
really weird
and I I don't remember who told me they
said yeah he lost his mind and something
happened I think he maybe even had an
operation like something was really
wrong and he was just hanging around
like almost like trying to run he
stopped doing comedy entirely trying to
remember yeah try and remember what it
was like Eleanor said he'd do this thing
where he used to this thing to fuck with
the bartenders we would like to take a
glass and like like look at him I'm
gonna chuck it in the garbage and then
but he didn't remember that he had had a
camaraderie with the bartender
he would just remembered that he had
done that so we would kind of like go up
and so like take a glass and like put it
in the garbage and some new part it was
like who is this what's he doing
yeah he's it was reluck it was real
weird man and it was the first time I'd
ever seen anybody like be fine and then
be gone and I didn't know I didn't
understand what happened
that guy man he did me a giant solid
giant solid I'll never forget that and
it influenced me too to make sure that I
pass that on
who are the guys who did you guys like
favors not even like I'm doing you a
favor but like things like that like he
said like you know but Todd did or like
you know just like helped you or you're
like oh that was a big house just guys
treating you like you became like a
human torero was a big one Burt what no
Burt Joe oh yeah yeah it took me on the
road Russell Peters yeah Tom you brought
me to uh Indy I did yeah right you said
it's a break-even week I mean she won't
pay for a flight but he'll make enough
money to pay for your flight and then
you got booked there yeah yeah that was
big show obviously you know take me on
the road and shit Shane Moore was big
for us Moore's really big for us it's it
stinks that it turned out the way it did
but he was he was really big and like
you know I always say you learn a lot
from feeling a lot from people both
sides of the fence
good and bad yeah like I learned a lot
about what I didn't want to do because
I'd watch J Jase so amazingly talented I
know I'd watch him get in his way
sometimes and I'd be like God man I
don't want to do that and Tom and I
would talk privately like about like
going like just a weirdest fucking
things he was it he would man he was so
talented he was a fun hang he's a fine
Hank jay-z jay-z funny and he was really
funny man and he was so they still at me
see yeah you could give that guy a
premise you could give him a premise
like just the silliest thing and he
could improv it on stage definitely on a
stroke about 20 months ago huh probably
[Laughter]
yeah no no no Jay was a big I can't I
can't where I make yes it's obviously
yeah and I don't speak anymore
yeah it was great in that fuckin McGuire
movie are you guys capable of of like
pushing the bad parts out yet yeah
seeing the good parts yes the first time
that's why I'm talking about it like I
don't mind I'll speak but top
but but we both had negative experiences
that's why we're not friends with them
anymore but it was a lot of good things
that's a reason I met Thomas how'd he
find you guys
he found Tom through his assistant
charlie
yep and when I met when I met you it was
at a show yeah opening I was the best it
was I was the MC he was the middle Bert
was the middle and J was the headliner
yeah and immediately within like fucking
five seconds Tom I bonded like within
five fucking seconds I remember he
walked in and then he goes forward State
game was on Tom wasn't for a state game
and Tom's like oh come on J is like the
fuck is this and I go oh you watching
for stakes I went there Tom's like yeah
he's like you got money on it and Tom's
like yeah I got a hundred bucks on it
he's like you're making fucking 50 bucks
tonight as a host what kind of fucking
idiot you walked out and I was like look
Tom I go hey welcome to the I've I so
nerded out that he went to FSU that was
like he went to FSU
he's like yeah I went there for like 15
years what and then I go when and then
he tells me the I go oh you you guys
want a national championship went over
there and I was like hey so was like I
just mentioned like a player I don't
know whatever I was like with Derrick
Brooks there he was like oh I don't know
I don't know anything player no no what
you don't fucking know I think this is
what made you laugh when I Derrick
Brooks was a big player of Florida State
write him and work done when I was in my
senior college I went to the gas station
then they had a single cassette single
of Brooks and Dunn and I went oh wow
our two biggest players released a
single got thora this has got to be good
right I'm a big fan of hip hop so I
bought the single of Brooks & Dunn not
realizing it's a country western band
they they weren't big yet and I put it
in and it was country music and I went
so Derrick Brooks have worked on made a
country album that's interesting oh my
and I listened to the whole fucking
thing it was like I was like one song I
was like this is not bad I'm a fan of
the guys I'm a fan yeah I'm in I'm in
and I think I told you that you're like
Brooks & Dunn
not work Brooklyn and unit to college
yeah yeah did you go did I go yeah he
was gorgeous back then you dropped out
yeah you went all the way through and
then some kinda all the way I had to
take prison classes and in New York
what's I mean so is before the internet
so you would if you didn't finish GED
you would you had to send in to the
state of Florida and say I want to
finish college and they give you the
books that they give you the prisoners
send them to me in New York I just had
to read the books of my peers yeah like
it's no like if you want to get a
college course in prison they send you
the books and you just do the work
basically you what just fill it out just
basically I got the books and I got the
tests and I just had to fill out the
test do you ever wonder like if you were
in prison like how much shit you'd get
done you'd get like really fit you like
I do
I was a good fun all day sit-ups
I would lift so many bricks yes you're
like me they're like we weren't even
thinking about that but now that you
brought it up seemed like we can yeah
you seem pretty soft yeah they probably
want to rape a hard guy just for like
you know so it's a real ignominy and
knocked on the yeah a good win you know
if you rape like a gang leader ya know
turn them rape I was like a super tweak
at twink it's like anti Harris yeah yeah
yeah yeah but get like Tim Sylvia in
there Mercer raped em cilia giant
feather in his cap die or feather so to
speak yeah the show to speak
let's talk to about Tom behind his back
okay when you first met Tom how quickly
did you like him instantly why well we
was funny we were at the celebrity
theater we were doing the maxim tour it
was John Heffron Charlie Murphy and me
and every town that we went to there
would be a new guy that would open a
local guy or in Toms case guy from LA
that was somehow or another they
assigned the victims yes sir picked him
to do it fuckin he was really funny
he's really funny and he and I got along
like that I met him when you said like
it was India's or Duncan that week it
was Tom Segura after that show and it
was like okay and then he was there and
I was like hey it was like 40 seconds
uncomfortable and it's like he was like
yeah I was gonna say about like here's
what's real important about comics
recognizing that the doorman and the
opening acts and the middle acts will
one day be your peers they are your
peers on that door that's the store
that's a story this direct there's no
other Club like that was a direct line
from brand brand new employee to massive
theater sellout where it's like those
came from there
yeah Bobby Lee was a door guy yep I was
at when I'm not that level but like
we're a door guy when I met you yeah but
like there were other guys who were like
straight from there too so it's like
it's not like you wouldn't be a dick to
them but like they're going to be you
and the guys who were our big we're like
I was that yes yes well it's like
there's a camaraderie in the in the game
we're all trying to write up a good dick
joke yeah it's and yeah well I'll
support each other well fucking weirdos
you know like this is so rare weirdo
there's not that many of us man you know
there's a small amount of human beings
on the planet earth that make a living
telling jokes
I mean worldwide I did see a picture of
Tom on one of your specials early on and
he was so fat you were so patty sure
that fat shamed me he was fatter than me
so much fatter than yeah he just lost
some weight he goes I think I'm fitted
in here now it wasn't that it's that
when you're fat and other people get fat
like it doesn't mean that you're not fat
it's like they are 240 at the time where
are you 240 I was 240 when I started
trying to lose weight
tom was always not accurate with those
numb I think you can pick up one
where are you right now are you up or
down since the last pockets way down way
down you still come way down in mine
have a scale no Jojo I will never see
where I'm at after Colombia - at my my
my special I shot I was 220 when I shot
it was really yeah how'd you do that
I'm so fat in it you see it I'm so fat
yeah dude yeah the funny thing is when
we started sober October it was this
whole thing like can you not drink for a
minute and and that was that was the
first time that five years ago or
whatever save your life yeah we were
like dude maybe you were just drifting
with the conversation I guess I knew it
I got so into a were trying to say that
I said that I didn't know Jenna James
someone find that clip when you when
Jamie pulled this started yeah
do you remember where you were at the
end of September yeah you were lost a
bunch of weight at the big at the end of
September be giving away any idea yeah
you just lost a bunch of weight really
yeah beforehand I was strong into
October yeah I got down to - 2006 can
you be down at 205 at the end of October
that's okay it's nothing man how did you
not make 205 you could have got that but
I stopped I stopped caring I was like I
can't I know I can't have that brain so
where I'm I needed to work on material
and I was like I'm gonna be me I'm gonna
work out on my fun like you looked as
good as John Pinette like of six months
of $40 thank you thank you
the fact that Tom's weight is not
brought up at all leave Thomas fabulet
bird and has been for many months I wish
you had seen the boxes I'd given you a
presence in Toms foot is so much smaller
than your account what do you mean he's
five eight tops right five five eight
five five eight and a half yeah yes I
don't mind that because people are
always pleasantly surprised when they
made me they go eight Tom actually is
fatter than you and I go no 710 no it's
not that Joe's got 11 okay
or he's got 12 I what's annoying when
you you get an 11 in some shoes and it's
too small
Chuck Taylors it sucks yeah man there'd
like a half a size too small tom happy
we're not out let's not change the
subject big you know tom how much do I
weigh yeah I feel like you've lost some
weight since in the beginning of October
that's probably true we have a scale
we're not know that Jamie pull it up get
that scale Jamie caller let's go home no
no scale I'd like to see how much I
weigh after Columbia and then if you
guys want away as well that's okay Joe
would you be manner like the way
yourself hey I'm about 205 right now I
have to predict my way
predict I I'm gonna be honest with you
though yeah I honestly have not been on
a scale in a long time me so I'm you're
saying it'll be one every morning I said
I gonna stop eating carbs so I guess I
got I got down to 194 at one point in
time
Jamie you killed you all you did get
under obese and you also got under obese
no no no I think I was still obese I
think it was not well yeah but not obese
right what do you think you weigh Burt
235 you think you weigh that now I would
I would I would right there baby
we're going in but definitely we're
definitely not what you are man it's
just a number what do you give a fuck
because he's gonna take those oh I will
get totally fucking nude and pitch up
hey wait say that Tim you're gonna see
the obvious and smash up a b.o.b Lacey
obviously in Spanish oh yeah
Oh Beale what are you doing we'll take
you but don't take a piss don't don't
pull you don't piss on the ground you
can put your pants on so I'm definitely
not getting on the scale underwear on
why are you scared of scales Bert
because Jo it's not like this hasn't
defined the last four years of my life
online but yeah very well right now you
look great yeah thanks guys I'd rather
people think I look like I know a nice
target weight is 175 to 180 mmm okay
target weight that's like loose skin
yeah that's weird
remember an R in a six-pack oh yeah all
right had a full six-pack look at that
he's got a little bit of a six-pack
there a skinny no he's got abs it's not
just a skinny what do you got zero it's
on carpet or a big money big money
180 it's what you call six 180 point six
mm-hmm and that is with socks on yeah
it's the carpet I don't trust carpet on
these scales okay man you don't have to
get on it that's after two weeks in
Colombia with nothing but fried food I'm
okay with that
chicha rolling today for lunch but dita
paisa one thing that I did realize when
you did sober October when the we did
the fitness challenge is that if you
just went whole hog you're crazy
you'd be a beast I ate nearly a whole
hog today no but I mean if you like
worked out really hard you'd have a good
body here's the thing that I learned in
sober October and and then Tom kept
having to say this to me over and over
again is that what makes rere is not
going for hog like like if you go for
hog it's it's not re you get a turns in
like and the same with me like what I
get obsessed with weight and it it
starts to beat the thing that defines
you is the thing that defines you take
this slow is no it's not even that crazy
it's true and you'll know it's true is
I'm gonna wait till the fourth quarter
and then the fourth quarter you'll do it
insane there's no way you're gonna be
like I'm a study for this shit yeah
you're not gonna prepare those things
when you say things like times you said
split you think when you got down you
knew you didn't what do you think
thematically all of a sudden you would
get really flexible but what's your
confidence he goes in with it we're
thinking like I've never done a split my
life I know they're hard to do and I
can't you do it even though I know he's
a bullshitter every part of me it was
like wow Burke into a split with nothing
he ran four miles in his life and then
he fuck it did a marathon the next five
or six on the treadmill which is like
one in real life that is true yeah I
think it is a marathon you will say I
can do that to anything okay I'll say I
can do that to anything you're
definitely not get on it but don't you
feel that way about what I can do
anything
No yeah yeah but you can do anything no
but do you think it's great test scores
this is actually what the finds the to
it you'll keep going
I think the same the same fire burns for
both of us right so what do you think of
like you can do anything right you go no
I can't I need to work hard to have
another stroke
no no you go harder yeah you go I'm
gonna I can't shoot a bow and arrow a
perfect shot I want to learn that I want
to bust my ass I want to do that I'm the
opposite way where I go just give me a
shot let me try this right here Lister
you can surf that is your guy's
personality difference is very different
I'm very objective about what I can and
can't do I'm gonna get good at things
you have to you have to really look at
what you're good and not good at and
then work really hard at getting good at
things otherwise you're just
bullshitting yourself and or that gets
you hurt if you're a fighter
look at you really hurt yeah but that's
it's it's it actually is really
interesting to think about your
background is what informs that of
and you just expressed and his
experience is that saying that sometimes
works out like that's why he keeps
studying college moonstone discovered me
all of a sudden I got a career he's the
guy who will say right but it worked you
will be somebody's will smith discovers
me commander what the fuck yeah say I
want to run a marathon I do it and then
I go and then I said Misha heard me the
day I ran the marathon I was like I
think I can actually do anything
wait didn't you say something did you
say something about kicking field goals
35 easily with no worry thank you Scott
Norwood mister 35 yarder and they lined
up and they said everybody in Washington
stadium it's kind of like trying to 35
yarder and people did it people didn't
do it I can easily I wonder how far you
can actually cook a football if you've
never kicked a football 35 you have what
they call explosivity so you could kick
it a lot for it that's what Pat McAfee
phrase you could get a lot farther than
I could I've never kicked anything
luckily kick things my whole life that's
why I'm wondering like how far I could
kick a football man if I could get
straight to cuz I could roundhouse kick
shit pretty fucking hard that's
interesting actually that's actually I
bet the whip take five tries to learn
how to kick it straight and then once
you did that the power go motherfucker
now the thing about a field goal isn't
necessarily the kicking it's the mindset
but it's a jubilant no no can you roll
into the moment under pressure and
perform but that's in the game that's
what a field goal is right win a game
you got guys running impact in the
practice like let's say someone's
holding it for you right or it's on one
of those like T's like propped up and
you're just going through the execution
of kicking a field goal hold on that's
not a field goal this was not a feeling
so what they're doing to college kids
now is saying you want a scholarship one
shot 51 yards can you make this you get
a scholar you practice for it no no but
I'm saying not doing that or a hundred
second lining up a guy going one shot
fifty-one you are Julia
it's happening 5060 thousand dollars
here like hey I'll give it to you
James told a please kick that ball once
there was what will your trying to get
those guys on the scale what let's go
okay no no no no let's get this field
goal thing out first that's up so they
are doing that for kids to get a
scholarship because they're thinking
fuck we need you under pressure moment
no bigger moment than you when they've
done this for real a hundred percent I
saw it online I was like shut the fuck
up kit made it kit made a field goal any
guys
Oh actually numbers why would yeah there
you go
yards is really far that's like that
yeah that's a legit but telling you it's
not a fucking chip in no it's doing to
get a scholarship there they do it and
say you want your fucking scholarship
hit a field goal I definitely saw it
online it's I know it's a real thing but
my point is you know can you moment yet
by the way he's a master of looking hey
Siri look up 51 even there for real
planet 51 planets there's a guy that in
Nevada they gave a scholarship after he
hit the game-winning he was already on
the team there was a guy we should still
was like I said this podcast was live
and I believe all that's true but yeah
what if this was a here's a video of it
coach off her scholarship if kicker hits
53-yard field but just this is the one
who's there no offering him was caught
scholarship if he can do it take the one
that's how about walk-on kicker and
offer he couldn't refuse but that's not
a student right
give this guy shot everyone's around
watch this what swatches here we go huh
boom and he gets this fucking
scholarship kind of what I said off by
200 yards no I'll give it to you thank
you or that is it's actually harder than
what you said I feel go kid just got a
scholarship yeah that's amazing but
share it's a lot of money so here's the
thing though they're not doing that they
did that they're not doing that for
anybody who can kick a 54 I'll give up
the Joe yeah okay it's like you just
phrased it but you were right they did
do it yeah no way let's go hey I got to
see what your I was trying to say it's
earlier I gotta piss alright I remember
doing a podcast and then wait Joe I did
a podcast with you at the end of
September beginning of October and you
looked like a fucking junkie like on the
streets
that's a pot-house you go to fat cows
podcast yeah dude at the end of October
he looked transformed
he looked transfer oh yeah at the end of
October yes it was one month one month
he looked for everybody like parties
somebody who looked dramatically
different
blarf what are you wearing right now
what are you wearing I I weighed the
other names to 232
what do you weigh around between 235 and
238 scale for what we're telling you the
right numbers yeah this scale will tell
us if those are the right numbers or not
just weigh your foot right now come on
I'll tell you things fucked do you want
to do a trust way we're how about this
how about this by the way I added I
wrote that for stroke my special
February seventh fourth show
and ten o'clock show oh yeah just legs
while he's gone why Charlotte Pittsburgh
and poor the main there's the Browning
at the jute or how about this you ready
for this what if Tom and I weigh in
together
yeah and wait under 7,000 how about this
if Tom and I weigh under 500
oh yeah you you have to weigh in to
fight about 250 H now you're under way
and we would definitely win over 500
pounds yeah we way under 500 yeah no
first full clothes on not peeing mmm
yeah I'm sound 498 foreign no you you
have to wait in a 450 yeah we weigh over
450 over 450 together Lea that 25 bucks
and you don't we definitely way over
that oh yeah 475 30 polluter
475 44 what are you weighing in
Hey Joe what do you think Tom and I
weigh in together him on my back I said
7000 but you still have those tits Jesus
Joe you look like the dude from fucking
guardians of the galaxy you wear the
underwear of a guy who works out are you
gonna get off first
yeah you're gonna get off it in the air
you don't know look at your core what is
it
Jul 5 2013 in know he's bad he's
spinning come on oh no I meant like I
mean like as soon as a grown up this
time period so you think you were better
shape when you were younger
no you should see the fucking Joe
headshot on the Commerce store wall he's
a hundred and forty pound weakling 205
exactly I'm gonna go piss but I'm
supposed to be like 195 would you get
down to in serve October you you posted
something what 194 stop birth the tongue
weight in like 2:30
oh yeah just just for the bit I'll do it
again but just tell him to what do you
want what are you what it's believable
that we could put you in to say 232 not
228 Nana died who won't believe it make
sure yeah you weigh in and use lean on
me that's what they did it yeah what's
the helvin Gasland I don't know the
black did that the black I left the
fucking Daniel Pham yeah it's been a
core but no Calvin leaned on een on his
manager shoulder yeah do it do it do it
train train train train train train
train train in cheating cheating what is
it because it's not really cause either
rest and steady yeah you gotta like rest
steady okay make your shoulder hard just
let the charge which has chair okay its
back either
yes back no I think is one of the best
guys I've ever met
Oh
oh my god I get the hat off get the hat
off how much you carryin what's in
between the fat fold and the unfold
[Laughter]
wait a minute though wait but you have
fully sweatsuit well hey guys it is what
it is
shit these are great pictures this is
great for your premiere date what does
that dick Tom one's yours
it's right near then so you guys trying
to do something he trying to do a
weight-loss challenge is that what I
smell we should yeah let's do it wait
what can totally do bring up a BMI just
on your thank you octo lien that be on
my things all horse shit no Joe it's a
worship for you
yeah because of muscle can we agree that
that's not their problem uh it's a
different problem
Oh bro there's a lot of leg muscle in me
oh sure
ah spin bro husband um okay what can be
a wage house challenge for you this how
this all started
I otama I punk-ass on your pocket Burt
went on it said Tom's losing weight and
you go no way I can lose more weight to
him that's true oh is that what how it
started yeah you are my old old
apartment Tom I interviewed at his hotel
room he had just passed you and you were
like let's see where we can get down to
I could definitely get into a weight
loss challenge now I got nothing on the
books but at or 205 I think is a real
number if you do 205 you can get the
belt you can still have the belt bo you
guys back then first one to get 205 look
at that how about not even a specific
time period first ones at 205 times that
nothing except for Australia's gonna be
rough let's chose no but it's not a
really a drinker no just kangaroos
kangaroo eating it yeah
Tom kids don't anything that Australia
Australian foods not that family that
they're they're very healthy are there
meat pies be Popeyes are you doing
Melbourne I am great restaurants in
Melbourne yeah
wait wait wait what's the legit legit
coffee place yeah bring up a BMI I'm
gonna go over it again I'll tell you
what man
guys I'm beasts right now Joe we we
understand that missile goes on the I
know but I'm just saying just numbers
why I'm obese and then when I got to 195
I was just overweight just made the cut
yeah I think 195 is is it's like the
borderline of obese I got to 194 okay so
that's overweight okay what would you
guys be Burt you're sick more one six
two six one six one time before okay
okay
you're proving or Argentinean Peruvian
Peruvian I always thought the aloofness
and they kind of better than now yeah
that's Argentinian yeah okay fine
that's it right there 510 you're 511
right for real six come on man oh let's
go you know what let's just to be fair
crossbows six just cuz I'll give him an
inch is 1/5 11 no it's not that says 11
and a half you're not 6 feet yeah 6 feet
does that say extremely obese are just
obese
I'm just obese there's no code there's a
Whizzer there's a white thing what am i
6 3 you're not 6 fuck your healthiest
fuck alright where's the weight part 1
ends at 2:15 oh my god yeah ends at 2
your other team out for that chart 1
okay okay challenge o 6 do you really
want to do that nope you cannot hurt we
worry about what's great what's great
wait wait like the power weightlifting
channels remember that yeah who can like
go from what you can do now to the most
weight who can add on the most weight
that's that's a great way to get hurt
let's do that no it's you could get
really fucked up let's get really hurt
no I'm up for I'm up for I'm always up
my weight loss challenge so the reason
what what happened me with 205 not that
I would have gotten there I'm not gonna
say I could have gotten there during so
October you have what is it
I become obsessive compulsive about it
and I can't focus almost you have to do
just connect but you got a special it's
like all hands on I got nothing on the
books other than the birdie World Tour
what what Burty Burt water what is that
start soon January 30th in Vermont
Burlington first time there how do you
take it to this go to Bert Bert Bert
comp thanks Joe I can chose added forget
shows that it mmm
I keep I could get into a weight loss
challenge really do you think you get
shredded do you get like down like 205
thank you and I wish like I wish I had
weighed myself I wish I'd weighed myself
at other times I've got an idea
during so I've got an idea fabric where
my special February 7th and 8th I will
at the end of that special start gaining
weight first wonder pass me for real for
real one of these six damn look how slim
you are when I met my wife
damn you get those fucking well she
signed on for a raw deal yeah it's got a
Penny's back I will gain weight Nissan
Segura have you ever seen Tom's jawline
he looks like fucking magnum p.i when he
was skinny 7th grade
bro I'm telling you right now a very
very attractive man I believe you
fine scan it you tell me where can we
find that pig you know you know where
you can find that actually pouty lips
look at you his I'm I've got a scar on a
play like that re come on master yeah
good yeah who's that guy in the left
pretend to be you look at that what is
that fucking good is that fucking eyes
it's a fake you get your t-shirt how
great is that how great is that title
for now what is it shirt no idea that
title is great I remember that CD throw
like in the early 2000 right 2010 oh
shit yeah eyes a good-looking Tom right
there that's the one I fell in love with
yeah
but sweetie no I remember exactly when
that was when was that that wasn't
Russell Peters show temple on your chin
are you cheek 2009 so the thing about
weight loss is if you guys just do the
weight loss thing and just get down and
wait for a day or a couple days that
doesn't help anybody it doesn't know
what it what if you could keep it off
that's the health that's your keep it
off what what is your thing what keeps
you eating like what is your
what's your you're vice for me its pasta
its carbs when I when I eat a lot of
carbs it's just like fuck I can't help
myself sometimes yeah I would say it's
probably carb related like I like rice
red pasta hot pasta yeah yeah I love it
sure I mean I'm not a crazy sugar like
sweet to you I'm a glutton to I fucking
I eat and I'm stuffed and I just keep
eating I don't really do that as much
anymore I used I used to do that all
that I used to think that's how meals
were completed like every meal but
that's like I would say at my worst but
I don't think I really eat like that
most of the time now mmm but I don't you
know I'm not like weighing out
everything as much as I should you know
so you could just cut back your portions
I could I do and you'd probably still be
fine you probably wouldn't feel like
you're denying yourself anything yeah I
think so yeah yeah that's how I always
feel I always feel like to like I'll get
on a good meal plan and it's just about
the discipline of sticking to it and
then you know start doing it less are
you wait you're doing now you're gonna
eat goes on how much did you pee yeah
you're I understand my problem with
weight loss I don't understand yours you
just boobs yeah my booze off you're not
a booze thing right now so but it's more
than foods that is it it's the things
that booze invites into my life happy
late-night food is rough but also the
the empty calories of empty calories 7
Cal around you lost like fucking 30
pounds by not drinking yeah what is
yours yeah it's food yeah so if you lost
30 pounds from not drinking you'd be 207
you're on 205 s door just knocking at it
yeah but I don't know what like Tom
because Tom does not look we've had
dinner a bunch of times so he's like a
gluttonous eater like he says that you
have had dinner a bunch of times tonight
I ate with Ralphie man and he would
fucking do you would like jaw drop you
on food it was crazy it was great he
went to katana once and he ordered like
like everything and then it was like oh
that's great we're all good egos no no
that's my order now you guys put it your
order dude that's my it might the sushi
or the Bert's sushi experience with
Ralphie is my favorite story because of
the thing is that Bert is like you're an
opening act at the time that was opening
for him and and Ralphie is inviting Bert
and his wife and like Bert and you know
Bert's or Leanne or Ralphie's wife
they're they're all having dinner
Ralphie's paying all the time like for
meals for men they're in Hawaii no no no
sorry Bahamas mamas yeah and then for
like one the next night bursts like I'm
gonna cover like a respectful thing you
know you've bought all these dinners I'm
taking you to dinner tonight and they go
to sushi like Ralphie Ralphie started
ordering and they're bringing boats out
like the boats with all the sushi and
you guys are jumping in and you don't
realize it's all for him
well it's he's just like he's ordering
he's just ordering but and I know I'm
paying for it but he's just ordering
he's like I got this playa and I was
like all right cool and he just kept
ordering and ordering and I'm I'm eating
and I'm drinking and then keep going I
like you telling the story but it makes
me laugh because Ralphie had treated you
guys just like four meals and then
you're just like a pill I shouldn't be
I've been in this position before to
where somebody is like you know you you
want to be like you know what like I'm a
fucking man and I mean you're you know
I'm gonna
by dinner now tonight's my night but
you're not in a position to take this
bill so like they bring the bill and
it's a fucking four-figure bill this is
an over a thousand dollar sushi
experience and then you insist on paying
and LeAnn LeAnn knows how much is it
they go go fuck yourself that's how much
it is and she goes you don't talk to me
like that and I go go fuck yourself
again they'll talk to me eat and Ravi
goes our place should be just let me pay
for a player I like and she goes why are
you talking me like this and I'm looking
at like a fucking fifteen hundred dollar
bill twelve twelve hundred he was $1200
or $1500 i I didn't have the money in
the bank account to pay for the tip and
it's like that cuz I fucking I think my
the the story always hits me is cuz I
feel myself doing this thing I would do
the same thing oh yeah no Rafi was so
generous like he just was so generously
you felt I don't I don't want you to
think I'm taking advantage of you I want
you to know that I'm your friend and I
want to pay for things too mmm
motherfucker yeah I was a bit what
happened Ralph he goes Wow Leanne's
irate at me storms off ravi goes our
player we go win it back on blackjack
took your thousand dollars out maybe two
thousand dollars out of the bank machine
go to roulette put on black hits red all
I remember is we were the couple in the
lobby fighting it's like your battery
buddy you can't even like save for the
hotel when Ralph you walk past me and it
was not a drop in the bucket throughout
from those two thousand dollars and he
just saw me fight with Lana goes Oh miss
LeAnn give him a break he tried his best
he tried his best
I see on the plane Playboy and then
Ralph is on the plane you know so my
whole part of the story that I remember
the most
Ralphie read a book on a flight from
Miami to LA he read the whole fucking
book I've never read a fucking book in
five hours he was like a really like he
read a book I remember sitting next to
me read a book that's a crazy part of
the story I remember no really
he was out marry Jenna you were broke
yeah we were broke man yeah that's Bert
that's right I like to roll the dice
yeah yeah it's working you don't become
a comedian if you don't like rolling the
dice man I don't think so gotta be crazy
your comic you had a little crazy you
have to be you have to be a little crazy
and if you're not crazy I don't I don't
I don't know if I want to know you
meaning like you know speaking of books
did you guys read anything so Bravo
dude so many good books he didn't do any
I didn't fucking read like five you
didn't do it I did I did do that I
started reading three books okay I went
all audio I started reading and I'm
gonna have time for this that's never
gonna happen
and then I said I'm gonna have to pay a
fine 500 I realized immediately was like
oh this is like this isn't just like
okay and also refire two pages like that
dynamo should read 200 know if like
should have been 500 we should have had
a penalty I should move the whole thing
it's 500 pages if we had a penalty so I
was thinking in my side some of the
fucking time it was a lot you have to
really commit to reading books I do
really worked hard I think I'm the only
one who did it you did it yeah you did
it yeah my bosses weren't like I didn't
make fuckin you know fuckin Khan's film
festival classes brother classes were
the best thing about so fuckin gun
shooting was the funny shit parent
active parent actor that was an awesome
that dudes obviously fun yes amazing
like learning how to learning how to
really shoot correctly that looked cool
you guys how long are you in town for
the night okay you leave tomorrow yeah
when you back I don't know why don't you
Jet Set back and forth like oh I'm gonna
come or I'm to national man of mystery
that you know more often I do want to do
to one I want to do your Spanish part
yeah huh yeah sure I want to get by on
that and then uh yeah I'm gonna call it
like three or four or five times a year
okay the shooting bang bang bang bang it
looks cool it's fun man who's funny shit
it's really fun bang bang bang did it
hit you with anything like a child
crossing the street kind of thing like
she can't sit down you have to
everything yeah well it's all metal you
know you're just shooting it Aaron's
also sick man I'm not saying that I'm
saying I can please Academy there were
these oh yeah you don't do that do you
know some would pop up but that's
advanced stuff man we're we're babies
it's really cool it'd look cool that
place almost burned down and now got
real close real close the fire got right
up at the doorway there yeah yeah that
place is that's an experience man like
you should do it that's fun
really I would that's water there's a
few times right I wish I still lived in
LA when you guys are like two in fun
shit like that on my conscience out here
man you should do both question of
places like on the road and also like
what's good what's being done for you
tons of stand-up spots yeah yeah but you
know what you come out with us sorry bro
you can have tons of stand-up spots out
here
how were you friends ago yeah oh yeah
[Laughter]
dude I'll tell you right now is your
wife over it no no my kids aren't it
over to either and that really breaks my
heart that's what really but she bottom
stuff
no Byam stuff no no let it breathe until
they one day they find you're funny and
they're like that might not happen in my
crime stuff I told Joe in the green room
I decided to forgive Ari so that the
people I hate know how much I really
hate them like that that was a good one
I like what you said do stuff out of
spite no yeah but it's like to let
people know like this guy drugged me in
front of my kids and I still forgive him
you kids that's another part that
matters
I had to come to a moment I had a
spiritual healer come to my house what
they do here my energy I talked to Tom
about it that's right um and she cleared
the house our new house for all attender
bad energy and then he said I see some
darkness in you oh boy I told Joe about
it I was dealing with darkness in my
head about just OCD shit and I went all
right fuck what is it she picked you out
in a heartbeat and I went I am NOT I
haven't forgotten listens to the bud you
know I know I called you and you like
I'm over and then I'm like you're still
not over I wasn't
spiritual healers listeners podcast a
lot so what so what she said Airy
Schaffer and he was like yeah Ari
Shaffir
she said do something to burnt Chrysler
she said it's it's if you I'm forgetting
the exact words I know cuz I'm a little
stroke II but uh but um something about
bringing Jay more up it was about
tomorrow it was what it was if you love
him you gotta fix help fix his Karma
it is bad karma for him and I thought I
do I can't I can't write you off I
couldn't think straight every time I was
on a hike I was like my girlfriend's
like what am I talking my friends I'm
not friends with him it's fucking hard
it was she said if you is he
you got to fix his karma if you care
about him and I was like I do I can't
not have conversations with him your
conversations are too important to me
seeing you in in New York when I go to
New York and spending time with he was
too important to me and I know you I
know you so well and I know that your
your I said to someone I think I may
have said some I say he's a great guy
he's just a bad person and it's like
it's like he thought he didn't he didn't
and he was like you didn't mean to you
never meant to hurt me at all and I was
like oh and I talked to Joe and Tom
about this ad nauseam but I was like I
can't I can't man I'm not in a place to
look for new fucking friends I got him
he's like you know what I think that's
beautiful about this
we're here in 2019 in any other business
if you drugged appeal and you did so
publicly yeah that it was discussed
publicly and yet you were on my podcast
two weeks later we were howling about it
yeah we got why we're smoking weed and
just laughing about the fact that you
drugged him it's hard cuz it was serious
but was also super not serious we're
having a good time we were having a good
time talking about it and then we were
also talking about how no one's kicked
you
out of the comedy community was never
even a thought there's no not a second
like where you're not getting booked
anywhere not a second where you're
you're ostracized it's like this is the
last frontier for savages this is the
last frontier for people that are doing
wild crazy stupid shit and that is one
of the wildest craziest stupidest
fucking thing is you do is drug someone
when they don't know your drug it's like
a fucking it is the line stepping of all
line stepping and we're like lines
worked out Joey Diaz half funniest
fucking take on it Joey Diaz called me
up he listened to me this fucking Burton
re thing he goes Ari's family he goes
he's here he's not going anywhere
we're not getting rid of them my god
we're not getting rid of him it was
exactly like I'm not saying we are he
does I know you're not like oh okay
he goes look he fucked up I go okay he
fucked up I'm not saying anything like
jojje always like arguing you know he
calls you up he'll call you up arguing
yeah yeah yeah like he's arguing with
somebody right away
you know what fucking he's family out of
the gate I definitely agree with you I'm
like I'm not I'm not arguing yeah he
called me like two days after I was like
I just answered the phone he goes you
gotta forgive him and I didn't say well
and I was like I go I'm going through
some shit right now okay go through your
shit cocksucker do what you gotta do you
gotta forgive him he's a good guy you
know that you know that it was killer
it's killer it's killer III I thought we
might I thought like I was like oh we're
gonna do this podcast I was like I
thought we might talk by this I kind of
wrote down some feelings you're lying
right not I'm not your soul I'm not no
he's not also I smuggled some fruit in a
felony we're gonna deep just say that
I'm gonna deem yes
don't tell anybody don't show the fruit
okay that's a lie which is joking folks
and the DEA agents or would it be mm oh
shit
agriculture yeah agriculture people if
you tell me they're all in Spanish I'm
gonna fucking jump over this play the
whole music it's all in Spanish can you
play this yeah how are you a Spanish
all right can you translate my head wait
man well I gotta pee gotta pee go ahead
okay okay redraw Brent
my dearest Brent fucking cunt ma'am
very important miss Todd the important
mass I miss dad a whole Quay can you
just let him read what you wrote and
translate it double-spaced he'd call
misspelling her to see my like birdie
boy world tour idea Brent what's in our
friendship is important friendship is
more important to know that tom is
occupied with the fried pizza this is
important to me as Thomas with deep
fried pizza
but deep fried pizza great it's more
important to me than none fruit don't
show it on camera that's a felony more
important to me than Joe's obsession
with killing animals killing animals
animal porn beautiful animals to fuck
you up with those horns just speak from
the heart
okay just just just say it you don't
have to read it just tell him how you
feel friendship is more important to me
than anything even more important than
it is important tom is deep fried pizza
more important than top then joe is you
know killing animals more important than
know this is some of this is really mean
don't do that
just tell just put that down in it's
telling me sorry well I wrote some funny
stuff okay okay
friendship is more important to me than
like then Eliza I would not let your
friends look at look at the face of
Brody I wrote one for a living without
you be worse than Tony Hinchcliffe
living without the mural above his bed
of him blowing Joe Rogan has Jeff Ross
fucks him in the ass I don't think he
has that he does have that I've seen in
this department who painted it so you
read this in Spanish and you pulled the
plug I thought was coming up okay let me
talk was gonna happen
the point is all I wanted to do was I
liked playing pranks I will end another
said Joe is just speak from the heart
I like playing pranks I like doing fun
stuff and I thought the same thing I do
with Luis Gomez where like he had this
great announcement for for skank fest
and was like I'm gonna ruin that and I'm
gonna do it by like promoting it and I
thought I'll give you what you love
doing which is great content for your
fans I know you're never gonna believe
some podcasts but like never it was the
best podcasts top 20 podcast of all time
of any podcast yeah and I thought I'll
give that to you I'll have a fun time
with my friend I didn't know all the
fallback was gonna happen I know your
friends your two kids we're gonna come
home and say you know I got raped that
you got raped by already which I don't
know why if you here's my or no why do
you want if you have better stamina and
strengthen me why they wouldn't think
that you would rate me master kids
aren't to ative maybe they saw something
in you that I don't say fanciness or
something but I don't know this is good
read it go back to reading the point is
this
I wanted that fun I thought I have a
prank that I'm like I'm gay I thought
the prank first I'm gonna doe somebody
in a podcast I'm gonna give him acid or
Molly and I was like who can I do it too
you know I thought of Luis Gomez first
but I was like he's an unknown he's
worthless and I might actually don't
like him that much
and then I guy and then I thought it has
to be a good friend you can't do it to a
like a semi friend it has to be someone
who parties so it can't be these two
faggots you know and then he made the
fuckin the machine hmm I know the
Machine so I was like I will do that
with Burt that was my thought and I know
people are telling you that I thought
you were weak that's the furthest thing
from the truth I thought you were fun
but I if you forgiving me but I want to
do this but like sometimes people do
something and they just they have it in
their head that it's gonna be okay and
they don't understand how other people
gonna perceive it and it's not it's not
that they did it with bad intentions
it's just that they fucked up and I
didn't want I didn't think about like
you having to fucking run interference
with me against your wife it's like I'll
tell you right now they're hard enough
time cooking the biggest thing that that
fucked me up about it
yeah the biggest thing was was the
amazing fruit it was that when it
happened
yeah I knew I was gonna have to take
care of you like I knew that I knew that
having a blog I knew that all the
implications of what was about to
trickle down and that was the one thing
when I was like why why would you make
my life more complicated and I told you
on the phone and by the way no one said
this other than me I said this to myself
and I've said this to Joe a million
times is that that moniker of like you
think I'm weak so it's my biggest
fucking thing of like people to go in my
head and I would go I know Joe doesn't
say that no Tom doesn't say that and I
know you don't say that but in that
moment I was like is he doing what these
enemies do to me where he just thinks I
was some fucking weak comic just rips a
short advantage of your good nature
right and that was and that was the
thing and when you when I was on the
phone with you I was in Connecticut I
was with Shane in the car
and I told you that you said oh my god I
would never I would never think cuz I
share that with you prior but I was sure
of publicly now but shared both it with
you privately your response I knew you
didn't I knew that's why you didn't do
that and I was like alright I can get
past this which is a big thing for me to
go I can get past this and then it took
a little bit to just go still mad though
no a certain point I thought it's just a
reward like does Ari bring more to my
life than that one stupid fucking moment
right now and I said yeah he does you
bring a lot to my life Ari you don't
know that I don't share that maybe
enough with you we bring up a lot to my
life and and and of all you guys do I
mean you guys this our friendship means
a lot to means a lot more to me maybe
that means to you guys so no I means a
lot to me to men does this is this
podcast that we do these regular
podcasts we do so they're my favorite
that's really fun yeah the chat thread
dude I'll tell you fucking to text
message it's fucking awesome great oh my
god don't eat that it's illegal the
agriculture is gonna come here they have
a helicopter but yeah I'm and and I
being another word both you like don't
eat helicopter here so these guys were I
don't know I have to share this both of
these guys were very very valuable to me
in that moment where I was super
vulnerable both of them had a moment
where it was fun and then a moment where
they called me and they were concerned
yeah when when you told me during the
podcast I mean what happened to it all
just wait like you didn't even want to
talk about it until that's when I knew
it was serious I still thought it was
fun until it was like and then Tom's
like what the fuck's wrong with you was
like and I was like wait is this serious
business if you were working in HR at
the at a fucking Network and you guys
went on the Christmas party and he
drugged somebody that's the end of your
fucking career man free drugs free drugs
free drugs to someone yeah but yeah yeah
yeah yeah
I knew he was really upset about it too
you know and yeah when you told me
afterwards like oh he's really fucked up
but I also wanted also wanted really
badly for you guys make up yeah I spoke
to everyone both of you yeah yeah yeah I
Tom called me it was like hey I saw you
I called you every day trying to like
you call me every day yeah I really take
my call and Tom is like hey I saw you
called don't I just I just knew that it
was wrong it was wrong for me to answer
cuz I didn't know what to say to you and
I was and I was I wasn't right in the
head yet and I was like I was like I'm
not I'm really angry but I'm not mad at
like it mad at him does that make sense
yes and I was like I feel victimized by
no I'm not a victim I know that this is
gonna be fine i call Whitney I talk to
Whitney about it like how did she say
you know calm please no no we were we
were in agreement in the backseat my
story's a felony I'm like you think
that's the only felling ever committed
hello hey put that down
don't film it we were in the backstage
at the Comedy Store or in the back bar
and we saw David Spade and Whitney and I
talked when I was on high O'Malley and I
was you were having a great time I was
having a blast like you thought David
Spade there you're like oh I've got a
great story for David Spade
I've always been sexually attracted to
him and this is my moment whenever David
Spade I can't hear you say that now when
I heard you say on the podcast I got mad
at you I was like I was like it's so
fucked up man it's so fucked up there's
so many complex moments in this where
you're right you're totally right David
Spade was back there and me and you were
back there and I was like I got drunk my
Molly and then do you follow up on his
show and it's like oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah
and even the podcast I was like I was
conflicting so I go this is super
compelling content but you so mad at you
for doing this but I see it now I see
this is good this is the best podcast
but I was like and in in retrospect I
was like I can't I can't release it I
don't want to be the guy that people
come on my show and they go I'm gonna
fuckin drug him in that no it's a
one-time only thing but but I talked to
Whitney and Whitney was like Whitney
oddly enough said exactly what Joe said
and said this is really it's not right
man it's not right it's you shouldn't be
drugging people in front of their kids
she was like I'm sorry I didn't say that
I didn't say that to you in the green in
the thing I didn't know how you felt and
that's how Jim felt that's also our Tom
felt is
like I didn't I didn't know how I felt
so I brought all these energies of like
I got drugged and then everything's on
the table and everyone's like I got to
figure out your fucking emotions and I
hadn't figured them out yet I I got to
be honestly the man you when you lean on
friends and you come out of a place like
that you go in a weird way I was like I
feel a lot closer the four of us after
that and I'm like I'm definitely I'm
glad that's together you drugged us all
together
you brought us closer metaphorical
weirdos and the funny part is I was like
I was like he wanted to kill sub
rocktober but now he's gotta do it for
the rest of his fucking life because he
didn't win we're always gonna do so
Brecht oh no no yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
every here Ari every how you drugged him
in front of us rug me in front of my
children what drug MDMA it's used likes
a roofie fucked up his brain for like
weeks
yeah I'm still doing the deal with OCD
shit I rolled it and I think you could
do this you could chloroform him that
would be if you can get that online doc
you're drugging that would be that's a
drug that would be oh no no don't do
that I will say anyone at home doing
MDMA is your friend is 5-htp I told Burt
but he was not in a place where he's
calm that has diverged to pee in it
5htp will equalize your mood and I meant
to bring it with me and I didn't and I
fucked up hard I pride myself on the
dosing people the right way and I was
like I was we were feeling like really
good we were feeling really good I did
feel really good during though it was a
fun time you are next to Sarah watch a
stunning sunset over Joey Diaz head as
brothers only isn't more beautiful in on
my death bed by 6 M seconds of memories
through your life I hope I see Joey Diaz
like Jesus crowd like Buddha just going
listen cocksucker if you would add a
stroke it would already happened
but I didn't know you're freaking out
you handled it like a profession option
there captain no but you were like you
handle like a pro but that's what
drawing us downs they knock you over
yeah hmm can't wait see so are we gonna
do this next year yeah student should
you worry Jeannie where do you want it
let's do a mid-month like let's do a
mid-year month and do a fun here's
here's what I'm saying yes I agree with
that that's way easier to do it I think
you're like June or something like an on
touring month
yeah but sober October is what we've
been calling that's gonna do that an
October I'll do it in October again as
well I don't mind we could do it any
time you like doing gigs as much when
you can't mother why I haven't smoked
pot in 16 days why I've been in Columbia
it's suck doing Europe without being
able to just yeah there's always a
reason why you won't do it but I'm
saying I'll over Yankee playoffs games
visiting love it you love what I love so
October you love the month ILA's love
having an excuse not to get drunk every
fucking night let's stop right there are
you really doing that every night
getting drunk no not every night but on
the road when especially you to Boston
you show us today no you do this thing
where you invite everybody to a bar
afterwards you're wild I like that are
wild
you're the only one who goes out with
your friend tom has a general disdain
for fans where you won't touch them or
look at the many things and beneath them
but like actually little grass with them
Bryce we used to do photos with
everybody after shows when I first
started do it shows you the ice house
you would you were the most generous
human being you'd sit in line guys like
Joe want to talk to you one quick second
about happiness how this Chicago theater
I did Chicago theater 3700 people 40 was
like line it up they were line up two
levels
yeah hours hours taking pictures of
people but it got weird it got too weird
and too many people just the podcast got
to this weird strange space where people
would come to me was like ten page
letters and proposals of things that we
needed to do together and they just
wanted too much of you they just could
and I just realized like I got a step
away from that I'm not there I like to I
like to name a bar give them do like to
get fucked up you know
so like you after the show want to get
fucked up and party I said well it turns
her back sober and hang out it's just
not drink I'm saying I would have a lot
more fun with this if we did in January
but starts up I'll do it this january i
don't you fuck we could do it in january
we don't have to do sober october okay
we could do jan you what's your
Australia though that's fine we're doing
this like in a couple days no no Jesus
January would be a lot just New York my
fucking Mickey Mantle brain was like
come in unless if I could do it lose
weight let's get January's world
carnivore month that's one thing that
I've thought about doing is date there's
a lot of people that are just eating
meat
oh nothing but me yeah I think that once
a month and I how'd you go didn't shit
well at all for a month yeah yeah yeah
yeah you didn't shit for a month I shit
for the first like week or so and then
like that once every like week after
that it's not shit like when they came
out for your color world carnivore they
were dried out rotten inside of you like
cadaver fucking cancer lungs I like that
I will say we can do it January I'll
have I'll personally have a lot more fun
with it as a New Yorker October honestly
probably the best drinking month of the
year so it's extra hard for me but if we
do in January it's great and if we have
a real competition it would be even
better
the problem with real competition says
I'm crazy but something you can actually
do the thing I loved about what we did
last month was that last October was
that it was I felt very untethered from
the group in competition wise so it was
fun for me is fun okay let's plan it out
the class
I said we're doing separate thing that
was the most starting February 8th I
will be gaining weight and you guys will
be losing weight
first against me right yeah great I'll
be dunk my special okay first one that
passed me I'll weigh in every day so I'm
gonna get down to 190 but you'll pass me
first
but in help you say wait what do you
think you can get up to
I've been up top I've been to 240 before
Wow
pull that picture up Jamie I remember I
remember those in college oh no no you
got fat I got I know I've been like 220
oh yeah I remember
and he's eatin candy she's eating candy
all day a lot of candy a lot of candy
all right and then he just quit eatin
candy and I was like that motherfuckers
got a willpower that's one thing when we
did this over October fitness challenge
honestly like legitimately Ari was the
only one I was worried about why cuz
you're crazy
does I remember I remembered you and you
said when you lose I know you don't like
to lose yeah you get very serious we
play pool and even though I'm a better
pool player than Ari I would give him
the seven eight and nine we would gamble
so we play 9-ball and I'd have to run
all the balls and sink the nine to win
but Ari could win if he sent the seven
the eight or the nine such giant
advantage is a huge difference in blue
your play areas he would get very
competitive and then I bought him a year
jiu-jitsu once for Christmas or Hanukkah
or whatever the fuck you celebrate and
you know it's Hanukkah whatever a theist
it's nonsense
he's nonsense anyway so we were doing
jiu-jitsu in here it got fucking very
serious like we were rolling together
like he's really trying well he's very
competitive
Ari's very good but like he's got a very
strong mind and I was like this mother
we're not doing anything we're like you
have to get better at a physical skill
or you know you have to do so it's it's
it's very simple all you have to do is
have willpower to stay at 80 percent of
your max heart rate for a long time and
that's all willpower that's really all
it is or if you're
smart enough to distract yourself like
far we figured out how to watch movies
that was a big game changer and the
fucking thing on the strap yeah once you
figured out how to watch movies while
you're on the treadmill yeah it wasn't
annoying to have to constantly be like
that challenge part none of us expected
that to tell all of us to go for it it
was so first off each other it was so
crazy when you got the flu and then you
came back from the flu in round 13
fucking miles that's why this year yeah
that's that's little competition cuz
everybody's girlfriend or wives was like
no no no yeah everybody up mad the whole
family yeah plus I was just crazy man I
was so into it I just like opened up
that door I opened up that door that I
didn't I hadn't opened up that door and
fucking decades who do you think will
pass me first and wait between the two
of you me you think him too
hmm yeah I always just become obsessive
compulsive about it hmm
it's uh it's not super fun but I'm cool
with it if I know got nothing to do do
it and how far you gonna get I mean
hopefully one of them stuff how great
would it be if we didn't lose anyway
just past your 180 you have to gain 25
pounds just to get the birds target
weight oh my god target weight - I want
you to look at this someone if they go
that way you're right Tom might have
done something a little early that we'll
talk about in a minute but this stacks
of stakes I was in the bathroom what the
fuck happened I don't know Jamie what
Jamie what happened you motherfucker
I thought you cunts I didn't do any what
you saw the way and you walked in stock
tailing it number Oh watch the video
tomorrow this is bullshit
he leaned on my shoulder
wait how'd you notice my idea isn't well
you got lucky October this year I
remember now you're gonna say so I saw
Tom weighing in and I went oh that's why
I should weigh in he's weighing in you
motherfuckers yeah I would never do
something like that today I thought to
myself I'd only cheat on my wife if I
was with you on the road and you were
cheating on Christine I was like then
I'd be cool with it I'm here by the way
I thought you're doing the Benny Hill
Benny Hill who the fuck ever brings up
that show anymore yeah last time you
heard Benny Hill what was it has a song
go like smacking people and girls with
smack cam and there's always cute girls
right he was like a pervert forgot about
that fucking show you just brought that
up that's probably the first time I
thought about that showing more than a
decade long time yeah a video of the
Benny Hill show cuz I barely remember it
he's like a chubby English guy write a
lot of expressions right yeah yeah yeah
Ari
it is the Benny Hill show here he is not
gonna do whatever again I know you all
my trust oh don't look at him
Benny Hill yeah everything was like all
fast and speeded up and weird remember
that show people suck hmm all right we
should wrap this bitch just do a shot
pool in the show do a shot in the show
goodbye
not a vodka let's do a nice whiskey shot
while in the shower
Oh real one yeah a real one key do we
have eyes on
maybe you shouldn't pour it do we have
glasses for shots well just I got this
fucking watered down I got this one oh
yeah
hey Merry Christmas Christ man Christmas
gentlemen Merry Christmas
shut up - oh by the way this is the 10th
anniversary of the podcast what right
yeah there's a tenth anniversary shit
today is this podcast change stand-up in
a lot of ways right I would agree with
that hundred percent bro straight on the
bottle and podcasting and block
everything definitely changed my life my
life changed the fuck out of my life
gentlemen I love you so listen to you
Merry Christmas love you Merry Christmas
check Akana salute salute salute salute
Jamie son all right that's it America in
the rest of the world that wishes they
were America
bye bye
[Music]
[Applause]